'I grew up with the Abbott and Costello movies A. because my dad grew up with them and both our last names are abbott so we owe the deo a bit of respect I didnt realize the flack this movie and others of theres gets. It was a really clasic due it was funny cause abbott and costello were always the same characters but it was sooo funny now what i like about jack and the beanstalk is that even though the love story is totally boring and that one song the prince sings omg  awefull but i like the angle they took on the love story the couple has to get married cause one kingdom is running out of money they meet in the jail cell and fall in love becaue they both pretend not to be royal and they end up being the couple so happy ending i dont think that was the orginal version if it was they should have cut it out of this movie but i think it was orginal and i love it. but watching it sucks lol also when the movie really kicks in with the giant + abbott and costello it is sooooo funny. when the giant is beating jack into the door and jack is screaming OPEN THE DOOR OPEN THE DOOR that stuff is really funny. And that once joke where jack starts screaming prince prince and all those dogs jump him. kinda cheezy but really orginal. i wish they would have al least tried to remaster it though i got that africa screamsjack and the beanstalk and i dont mind the quality cause when i had it on tape it was bad quality also so whatever i guess. the begining is mildly funny the middle is really really funny and the end is not funny in the least but i am 19 years old and when a movie made in 52 makes me laugh this hard it rocks this movie is really funny. i love their style. also the chapters suck. also the part where jack is climbing the beanstalk and they are all singing a song about what a dipstick jack is and that he will be killed thats pretty funny',pos

'Paul Bettany did a great role as the tortured father whose favorite little girl dies tragically of disease. For that he deserves all the credit. However the movie was mostly about exactly that keeping the adventures of Darwin as he gathered data for his theories as incomplete stories told to children and skipping completely the disputes regarding his ideas.<br /><br />Two things bothered me terribly: the soundtrack with its whiny sound practically shoving sadness down the throat of the viewer and the movie trailer showing some beautiful sceneries the theological musings of him and his wife and the enthusiasm of his best friends as they prepare for a battle against blind faith thus misrepresenting the movie completely.<br /><br />To put it bluntly if one were to remove the scenes of the movie trailer from the movie the result would be a non descript family drama about a little child dying and the hardships of her parents as a result. Clearly not what I expected from a movie about Darwin albeit the movie was beautifully interpreted.',pos

'Rather like Paul Newman and Steve McQueen with their racing car movies this has all the appearance of a jollies project for Robert Redford as he gets to ski up hill and down dale in the Alpine sunshine.<br /><br />The story is as light as powdered snow with Redfords small-town boy David Chappellet (what kind of lead name is that?) who with his eyes on the prize of Olympic glory gets up the nose of in no particular order his coach father and team-mates. Women are a mere side-show in his insular world as evidenced by a fairly distasteful pick-up scene with an old girlfriend in his hometown and then his selfishly petulant pursuit of heavens above a free-thinking independent woman played by Camilla Sparv. The ski-ing sequences are fine with some good stunt-work involving numerous bumps and scrapes on the piste but their effectiveness is dimmed by our subsequent familiarity with top TV coverage of skiing events down to the present day. Plus Im not convinced that the Winter Olympics has the same mass identification with the general public as the summer games so that when Redford eventually wins his gold medal in the final reel I couldnt really be that excited for him one way or another.<br /><br />Of the actors Redford best profile forward doesnt need to do much and indeed doesnt while Gene Hackman does better with equally meagre material. Ms Sparv does well as the chief female interest well who treats Redford the way hes doubtless treated every other woman in his chauvinistic way.<br /><br />In truth though theres a lack of dramatic tension throughout for which the action sequences dont fully compensate and you dont care a fig for any of the leading characters. One of those films where the actors probably enjoyed making it more than the viewers did watching it.',neg

'Denzel is about the only thing that is right in this movie.<br /><br />Maybe once in an early stage this was a better movie. Someone decided to cut some action and plot points into the beginning of the movie giving away most of the story line in about the first 5 minutes. That and ruining whatever build up in pace and rhythm the movie might have had before.<br /><br />So first it confuses you and then it puts you off. The dramatization pushes beyond suspension of disbelieve.<br /><br />Of course there is that feeling of great injustice and anger that movies like this potentially manage to instill in viewers. Granted it does that so if you are looking for that ... knock yourself out.',neg

'Veteran director and producer Allan Dwan whose huge string of films includes both the utterly forgettable and the recurrently shown (for example John Wayne in Sands of Iwo Jima) tried his hand at a big musical with I Dream of Jeanie. Harnessing a lead cast of singers with little past film experience and as it turned out virtually no future he spun a fictional and in no small part offensive story about the great American songwriter Stephen Foster.<br /><br />Bill Shirley is the young lovestruck Foster whose kindness to slaves includes giving the money saved for an engagement ring to pay the hospital cost for an injured little black boy. His intended is Inez McDowell (Muriel Lawrence) whose pesky younger sister Jeanie (Eileen Christy) is slowly realizing shes in love with the nearly impecunious song-smith. Foster is in love with Inez who is revolted by the composers Number 1 on the Levee Hit Parade Tune O Susannah. Enter minstrel Edwin P.Christy (Ray Middleton) to help launch the profit-making phase of Fosters career.<br /><br />This is by the musical-film standards of the early Fifties a big production. The sets are lavish in that special Hollywood way that portrayed fakes with all the trimmings. The singers arent half bad and the Foster songs are almost impossible to ruin.<br /><br />But this is also a literal whitewash of the antebellum South. The biggest number features black-face for all on stage an historical anomaly and a contemporary piece of unthinking racism. Were these portrayals of blacks anywhere near reality the abolitionists would be rightly condemned for interfering with so beneficent an institution.<br /><br />I Dream of Jeanie apparently sank into the studios vault with barely a death whisper. Now revived by Alpha Video for a mere $4.99 its a period piece with charming songs and repulsive sentimentalizing about the victims of Americas great crime slavery.<br /><br />This was what Hollywood was putting out two years before Brown v. Board of Education. Must have warmed the hearts of some moviegoers who wore their bed linen to the theater.',neg

'Cinderella In my opinion greatest love story ever told i loved it as a kid and i love it now a wonderful Disney masterpiece this is 1 of my favorite movies i love Disney. i could rave on and on about Cinderella and Disney all day but i wont i ll give you a brief outline of the story. When a young girls father dies she has to live with her evil step mother and her equally ugly and nasty step sisters Drusilla and Anastasia. Made to do remedial house chores all day poor Cinderella has only the little mice who scurry around the house and her dog Bruno as friends. When one day a letter is sent to her house telling all available women to attend a royal ball. Cinderellas evil step mother and step sisters try to prevent her attendance Cinderella finally gets her dream and wish and is able to attend her captive beauty  Genorisity and beautiful nature help her win her prince.',pos

'Walter Matthau can always improve a mediocre film and this movie proves it. He turns in a very realistic performance as a small-time horse trainer and single father not sugar-coating either role.<br /><br />He can be by turns soft-hearted and doting then iron-handed to his boys and we can see the same dichotomy in his approach to horse training (we see that he doesnt want his young prospect racing horse overworked and hurt in small-time races but he seems to be willing to risk the horses life when he gets into the big time).<br /><br />This is just one of Matthaus wonderful performances and one that I highly recommend.',pos

'I have no idea why this flick is getting such a bad rap by so many IMDb users (Some are saying its his worst movie ever. What?? Havent any of you seen Cradle 2 The Grave?) My favorite criticism is that the plot is totally stupid and just an excuse to hang all of the action sequences on. Duh! What the crap were you expecting from a Jet Li movie? Did you honestly believe that someone thought up the story then just loaded it up with action? Of course not! Black Mask is awesome wall-to-wall action throughout nearly its entire running time. Its also deliciously gruesome and we get plenty of severed limbs decapitations and creative ways of watching the bad guys (and quite a few innocent people too!) get slaughtered. Most of Lis other martial arts films are nursery-school when compared to Black Mask; there is no holding back on the gratuitous violence bloodshed or action sequences whatsoever! And that made me a happy camper. Again: if you go into a Jet Li movie expecting magnificent dialog and an intriguing plot you are going for the wrong reasons. Black Mask is probably my favorite of his movies (though beware of the horrendous dubbing).',pos

'First I would like to admit that Chokher Bali was not my cup of tea. This movie was evidently not targeted toward the masses. Its the type that critics would enjoy watching. The hype and publicity were quite misleading.<br /><br />I was expecting something very dramatic like Devdas. Understanding that the story and time-period demand it I found the movie extremely slow-paced.<br /><br />Im a die-hard Aishwarya fan and I regret to say that I thought she was miscast. The role of Chokher Bali required an actress who can portray herself as subversive not innocent and naive. Everyone else gave a good performance. Tagores depiction of the human condition does come across the celluloid to give the movie an interesting theme.',neg

'Well made documentary focusing on two Sudanese refugees who get resettled in the United States. Its your basic fish out of water story with a non-fiction twist. I found it fascinating to see how Peter and Santino lived prior to coming to America and how they adapted once they arrived here (in Houston Texas.) They expected a sort of heaven but found out that its a lot harder than it looks to cope well in the states. They go from hopeful idealists to somewhat more realistic skeptics. Everywhere they go they meet bureaucrats with paper trails that most citizens may take for granted. They fret that they are blacker than the African-Americans here and dont feel accepted because of that. One of the Lost Boys manages to leave Houston to go to Olathe Kansas where he finds conditions slightly better but still less than ideal. There are people that try to help them as well as try to hurt them in this film. Not shown but talked about are those who put a gun to their heads and robbed them leading one Lost Boy to comment negatively that all black people in America are no good. I found it interesting too that they arrived in Houston in August 2001 a month before the World Trade Center was attacked by terrorists. I had hoped to see their reaction to this tragedy but its not mentioned at all. Still all in all a really well done documentary with no narration. None is needed really. The Lost Boys do a fine job expounding on the events going on around them without any help at all thank you very much.',pos

'This foolish implausible tale is redeemed only by the opening scene in which a hard-boiled police detective delivers some nearly-audible lines confirming our greatest fears: He is dead. Perhaps the film would have been saved had the director forgone the dazzling star power of A. Martinez in favor of this sadly-anonymous actor who filled the screen for a brief moment. That a no-name hack-tor off the street could salvage such a dishwater film is no less likely than a villain committing murder by dropping stones into a quarry for an unsuspecting diver. His moment is brief; his promise is immense. Perhaps we will be treated to more screen time by this obscure thespian if there is ever a sequel to this ill-advised film.',neg

'I saw this movie twice through a pentecostal church my family attended in Nanaimo BC in the 1970s. I was of the tender age of 6 my brother 4 then again when I was 8 my brother 6. This movie terrified my brother and I and shaped how we viewed the world with distrust. It wasnt just the movie but it was also the philosophy that engulfs so many christians about the mark of the beastand the rapture. This movie the church and a volatile neglectful upbringing lead to severe paranoia towards the future. For years I lived under the delusional affects of the church and fear of being forgotten by Christ. I am now 40 years old. Went through years of counseling. I once explained to a psychiatrist this movie and the belief system of the church and family. I was pegged with a delusional disorder. I actually began to believe this it was my brother who reminded me that this cultic philosophy actually happened. I no longer fear the future I have come to terms with the fear injected into its members by the church. I have taken this experience to fulfill a purpose I am nearing my licensure as a Psychologist specializing in childhood trauma.',neg

'Just watched on UbuWeb this early experimental short film directed by William Vance and Orson Welles. Yes you read that right Orson Welles! Years before he gained fame for radios The War of the Worlds and his feature debut Citizen Kane Welles was a 19-year-old just finding his muse. Besides Vance and Welles another player here was one Virginia Nicholson who would become Orsons first wife. She plays a woman who keeps sitting on something that rocks back and forth courtesy of an African-American servant (Paul Edgerton in blackface). During this time a man (Welles) keeps passing her by (courtesy of the scene constantly repeating). I wont reveal any more except to say how interesting the silent images were as they jump-cut constantly. Thats not to say this was any good but it was fascinating to watch even with the guitar score (by Larry Morotta) added in the 2005 print I watched. Worth a look for Welles enthusiasts and anyone with a taste of the avant-garde.',neg

'Whats this? A Canadian produced zombie flick that I have never heard of before. A mortician works on the body of a recently deceased young man. This allows for an extended flashback that show how the guy got there. Basically he and friends went to a cemetery on Friday the 13th and raised the dead thanks to his silly chanting. Cut back to the morgue where our dead body comes back to life and kills the mortician and owner (who gets his eyes popped out). The final WTF? shot has the funeral home owner in a straight jacket and screaming Im not crazy! Amazingly he has his eyeballs back.<br /><br />Running a scant 58 minutes this is certainly one oddity in zombie cinema. It feels a lot longer but put me in some kind of trance where I couldnt stop watching. The film also has one of those if you see this image turn away from the screen gags. It is the image of an old man getting sick in a theater (prophetic?) and when he pops up (only twice) the blood begins to flow. The scenes are pretty damn gory for the time period. There is a great gaffe where a zombie chops off a girls right hand with a shovel but - when he pulls the fake hand into the frame to chomp on - it is a left hand.',neg

'Children love dinosaurs. Its somewhat part of their culture. But theyve got The Land Before Time. The original. At least that movie had heart. This. This movie is just plain pathetic. Just because kids love dinosaurs doesnt mean you can just slap together any old story and show it to the children. This movie has no plot the whole premise is stupid and its more by the numbers stuff. Not as soul sucking as Theodore Rex but its lightyears away from being a Land Before Time.',neg

'i have seen this movie about 50 times already and it doesnt look like i am ever going to get bored of it. i always watch it with my best friend and it has become sort of a tradition for us now to watch it almost every month. every single time we see this movie we both get really emotional and we laugh and cry in front of the TV together and sing all the songs in a loud voice and in the end we always dance.by now we practically know even the whole dialog by heart and watching the film feels like seeing our own old friends on TV.<br /><br />this film is perfect! even though i have to admit that the story itself is a bit cheesy but the characters the dance the music and even the place where it all takes place make you forget all about it and you start believing that things like that really do happen and that the song all you need is love actually has some kind of a meaning.<br /><br />i am really a normal person and not too serious about this comment of mine but i just cant wait until the next time well be able to see Dirty Dancing.',pos

'For those of you whove wondered what an art-house monster movie might be like wonder no more. The DAIMAJIN trilogy circa 1966 was just such a series. More period samurai epics than anything else these three movies just also happen to feature one of the most (literally) monstrous deux et machinas ever. Theres not a single facet of these gems that is unpolished from the scenario(s) to the performances to the filmmakers craftsmanship. Even the special effects are handled with well-above-average skill and are integrated (in most instances) almost seamlessly into the movie(s). If youre a GOJIRA fan or a fan of samurai movies or one of us who just likes a good movie regardless of genre I highly recommend the DAIMAJIN trilogy.',pos

'I watched Asterix and Obelix in Operation Cleopatra which was my first exposure to the live action version of the classic comic. Like the comic the whole movie is full of jokes based upon puns anachronistic jokes and slapstick gags which rarely fall flat.<br /><br />Asterix and Obelix are Gauls who use a strength potion to fight the Roman legions in their native Gaul. Here they end up in Egypt helping a friend build Cesars palace (yes its puny) in three months to prove the Egyptians are just as good as the Romans.<br /><br />The reason I picked this up was because Monica Belluci is Cleopatra. Shes good but the role is little more than a cameo. However even though shes rarely in the film I didnt care since its so clever and the jokes so funny I was in hysterics. I loved it. I loved it so much that I cant understand why the movies have never been released in the United States.<br /><br />The import DVD has the film in English dub- which is quite good especially when you consider that when you watch it in the longer French version the puns (and hence the jokes) are not always apparent since they are aural so if you read the names wrong the jokes are lost. Most of the jokes between the full French version and the shorter English dub seem to be exactly the same though some have been changed sometimes for the better and some times for the worse. Personally Im gonna stick with the dub when I watch this again since its easier to pick up the jokes and enjoy the humor.<br /><br />You really will want to see this if you love puns and low brow but clever humor This is a great comedy',pos

'I used to LOVE this movie as a kid but seeing it again 20+ years later it actually sucks. Up The Academy might have been ahead of its time back in 1980 but it has almost nothing to offer today! Movies like Caddyshack and Stripes hold-up much better today than this steaming dogpile. No T&A. No great jokes except for the one-liners weve all heard a million times by now.<br /><br />I recently bought the DVD in hopes that it would be the gem I remembered it being. Well I was WAY off! The soundtrack had only 2-3 widely-recognizable hits (not the smash compilation others had mentioned) and the frequent voice-overs were terrible. The only thing that was interesting to me was predicting what the characters lines were before they said them. Yep I watched this movie that much back then! <br /><br />The only reason I am writing this review is to give my two cents on why this movie should be forgotten sorry to say. :(',neg

'The funky yet strictly second-tier British glam-rock band Strange Fruit breaks up at the end of the wildnwacky excess-ridden 70s. The individual band members go their separate ways and uncomfortably settle into lackluster middle age in the dull and uneventful 90s: morose keyboardist Stephen Rea winds up penniless and down on his luck vain neurotic pretentious lead singer Bill Nighy tries (and fails) to pursue a floundering solo career paranoid drummer Timothy Spall resides in obscurity on a remote farm so he can avoid paying a hefty back taxes debt and surly bass player Jimmy Nail installs roofs for a living. Former loving groupie turned patient understanding long-suffering manager Juliet Aubrey gets the group back together for an ill-advised largely ineffectual and hilariously disastrous twenty years later nostalgic reunion tour of Europe. Our lovably ragged bunch try gamely but fumblingly to reignite a flame that once burned quite brightly back in the day. Scraggly zonked-out roadie Billy Connelly and cocky eager beaver young guitarist Hans Matheson tag along for the delightfully bumpy trouble-plagued but still ultimately rewarding and enjoyable ride.<br /><br />Director Brian Gibson shows tremendously infectious respect and adoration for both his amiably screwy characters in particular and loud ringing flamboyantly overblown preening 70s rock in general this imbuing this affectionate little pip with an utterly engaging sense of big-hearted charm and tireless verve. The astute sharply written script by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais likewise bristles with spot-on dry wit and finely observed moments of joyous on the road inanity capturing a certain bittersweetly affecting and frequently uproarious vibe that gives the picture itself an irresistibly luminescent glow. Ashley Rowes lovely elegant cinematography ensures that the movie always looks quite visually sumptuous while the perfectly catchy and groovy music does the trick with right-on rockin flair and aplomb. Kudos also to the across-the-board terrific performances that vividly nail the burnt-out soul and tattered but still fiercely beating heart of a past its prime has-been ragtag rock outfit desperate to regain its erstwhile evanescent glory in one final bid for big time success. All in all this radiant and touching gem rates highly as one of the true seriocomic sleeper treats from the 90s.',pos

'Hilarious!! I would have sworn Ed Wood wrote this. Terrible. I loved every frame. Bad movie aficionados this is your trophy! I will watch it again. Words cannot explain how entertaining this movie is. Pares career must have dipped low but I really think hes heading in the Leslie Nielson direction. He was perfect for this. Terrible just terrible!! Youll love it!! Get some friends lots of beer and youll have the time of your life. Its an MST3000 party waiting to happen. Enjoy!! It is worth the rental!! You like the Colombo type cop and the comic relief coroner. The bad guy will have you on the floor laughing. Hes also in another Pare movie Komodo vs Cobra and hes just as good there. I dont know what the budget was but theyll get it back because this film is destined to be the best unintended comedy of the year.',neg

'I disagree strongly with anyone who might dismiss this film as just entertainment. Set right after the carefree roaring 20s during the early days of the Great Depression Dance Fools Dance is at its heart an earnest cautionary tale with a clear message about how best to endure these hard times. Yet this fast-paced and tightly-plotted film is far from being a dreary morality tale.<br /><br />In the 30s Hollywood had a knack for churning out one entertaining *and* enlightening audience-pleaser after another all without wasting a frame of film. Dance Fools Dance -- one of *four* films that Harry Beaumont directed in 1931 -- is barely 80 minutes long yet its characters are well developed its story never seems rushed and despite its many twists in plot the audience is never left behind.<br /><br />With the lone exception of Lester Vail as flaccid love interest Bob Townsend the supporting cast is uniformly strong. Worthy of note are William Bakewell as Crawfords brother Cliff Edwards (best known as the voice of Jiminy Cricket) as reporter Bert Scranton and Clark Gable in an early supporting role as gangster Jake Luva.<br /><br />But this is Joan Crawfords film and she absolutely shines in it. Made when she was just 27 this lesser-known version of Crawford will probably be unrecognizable to those more familiar with her later work. However here is proof that long before she took home an Oscar for Mildred Pierce Crawford was a star in the true sense of the word a terrific actress with the charisma to carry a picture all by herself.<br /><br />Score: EIGHT out of TEN',pos

'This all-but-ignored masterpiece is about the Monkees becoming aware that they are fictional characters in a movie (Head) and that everything they do or say had already been written in an (unseen) script they seem to be following. Head was written by Jack Nicholson Rafelson and Peter Tork during a three-day LSD trip in a suite at an expensive Hollywood hotel. The other three Monkees only acted in it.<br /><br />They fight this every way they can by doing things not in the script. They deliberately flub their lines walk off sets tear up scenery punch other actors for no reason; and ultimately commit suicide by jumping off a bridge. <br /><br />For instance in the rapid flashes of a psychedelic party scene if you watch frame-by-frame you can see Rafelson sitting next to the camera and cameraman very deliberately shooting into a mirror. He is revealing that the party is actually fake and is being shot in a studio with actors who suddenly drop out of character and walk away in the middle of a conversation when the Director yells cut!<br /><br />The Monkees however never drop out of character because those characters are also who they really are. That ends up being the core of the Revelation soon to come.<br /><br />At every turn they realize their increasingly-bizarre actions were exactly what they were supposed to do in the scripted film they cant escape being in. You say they went crazy and walked through the sky (which turns out to be painted on paper and hung from the ceiling as the sets background)? No problem! Hey hey theyre the Monkees and those wacky guys just keep monkeying around! <br /><br />In the end even their deaths did not set them free. That was how the movie was supposed to end and their motionless waterlogged bodies are fished out of the river put in another box and stacked in a film studio warehouse until the characters are needed again for another studio production.<br /><br />This is made all the more poignant by the fact that the Monkees really ARE fictional characters who forced themselves into the real world. They did it through the power of their music.<br /><br />Ironically near the end Peter Tork has what he rightly sees as a hugely profound revelation that solves their problem but unfortunately no one listens. <br /><br />Peter realizes: It doesnt MATTER if were in the box (the film). He means that it doesnt matter if will is free or illusory and that the only important thing is that you just let the present moment occur and occur... You need to just let now HAPPEN as it happens without analyzing or evaluating or judging whether the experience is valid by some abstract definition.<br /><br />When you cant even tell the difference will being free or not doesnt matter--tying to figure out if you are the real you is just a pointless waste of time.<br /><br />I saw this film at a very important time in my life. I was trying to figure out how to escape being just that geeky creepy nerd girl by thinking about it intensely instead of just having fun (i.e. sex) like everyone else did. But the revelation in Head broke my self-imposed recursive trap and helped me more than Rafelson or Nicholson or Tork will ever know.<br /><br />For decades Ive watched Head and wished I could thank Pete.<br /><br />Was this a good movie?<br /><br />Uhh how about like...<br /><br />==< YES >==',pos

'Better than I expected from a film selling itself on the premise of nymphomania and inter-racial bondage. The music is great and cinematography focuses greatly on turning Ricci into a trailer trash Betty Paige and it works. Samuel L. gets to shout a lot which hes good at as well as play lots of blues guitar which he looks cool doing. Even Justin Timberlake was decent as the mentally disturbed boyfriend. I get the feeling that this material under anyone else would have been complete s*\%# but instead managed to just barley carve out its own odd little transgressive pulp niche while still being an effective drama.',pos

'It could be easy to complain about the quality of this movie (you dont have to throw cartloads of money at a movie to make it good nor will it guarantee that it is worth watching) but I think that is totally missing the point. If your expecting fast cars T&A or a movie that will spell itself out for you then dont watch this youll be disappointed and dumbfounded.<br /><br />This movie was thoroughly enjoyable kept us on the edge of our seats and made us really think. The writer obviously put a lot of thought and research behind this movie and it shows through the end just remember to keep an open mind.<br /><br />Note: the school scenes were all filmed at McMaster University and most of the rest was done in Toronto.',pos

'The Kissing Bandit was the third and final film that Frank Sinatra and Kathryn Grayson co-starred at MGM with. The first two were Anchors Aweigh and It Happened in Brooklyn. And in both Sinatra wooed and lost Grayson. I guess the third times the charm.<br /><br />For romance maybe but definitely not for screen image. Sinatra in his fortys films once again plays the nice little schnook only this time in toreador pants. Poaching on Tyrone Powers territory laid out in The Mark of Zorro Sinatra plays the son of a man who was a hotel owner by day and The Kissing Bandit by night. Hes gone and left California for an education and has come back ready to take Dads place but in the hotel business only. And where does he learn the hotel business Boston.<br /><br />Of course some of Dads former gang members grown a little old and paunchy led by J. Carrol Naish want him to lead the gang again. But Franks just not cut out for the outlaw life. But he does make a good impression on the Governors daughter Kathryn Grayson.<br /><br />Somebody must have had it in for Sinatra at MGM to cast him in this after the bad reviews he got in Miracle of the Bells. Franks in a part that was more suitable for Red Skelton. But since this was a musical I guess the brain trust at MGM figured Kathryn Grayson had to have a singing co-star.<br /><br />In fact the best number in the film are for her Love Is Where You Find It. Also Ricardo Montalban Ann Miller and Cyd Charisse do a dance specialty that is nice. Franks songs are nice but nothing spectacular.<br /><br />In later years Sinatra would wince at the mention of The Kissing Bandit and with good reason.',neg

'If you are a fan of early Duke movies this Lone Star oldie is a good one. What more could you ask for than Duke Yak and Gabby. Lots of good ridin and shootin!!! I found it amazing that Dukes singing voice was Bill Bradbury who is none other than Bob Steeles twin brother. It has been reported that Bob Steele was a high school classmate and friend of Duke so twin brother Bill may have been too. Anyway if you like good clean early western movies dont miss this one. We dont have to wonder about hidden meanings or try to figure out underlying themes. Just sit back relax and enjoy a western movie from a simpler day and time. Its called entertainment folks!!!',pos

'I question its importance to Queer Cinema as it seems to be more about having a homosexual encounter via violent behavior than making any clear statements regarding homosexuality and violence.<br /><br />Three tales are tangled together in a rather sloppy manner. I found myself trying to untangle the messy narrative in the first 15 minutes that alone didnt sit well with me. Weak plot points were endlessly repeated as though we might not have gotten it the first 10 times.<br /><br />There was a feeling of padded dialog throughout the film. More like a 45 minute Boys Brief short rather than a fleshed out full-length film. It had a certain erotic flair male nudity and sex appeal but overall the sum did not equal its parts.<br /><br />The 1st part: Boxer/Stalker storyline was the strongest and yet it too felt like it had been pulled thin. Bob has been following Tim for four years and only now is he confronting him? I felt as though their cat-mouse game was not developed enough to merit its conclusion. We needed more information about them and less Parking Lot/Locker scenes with Tim relentlessly saying What do you want? <br /><br />The 2nd part: Danny wants his buddy Tony to beat him up while he jacks-off. Tony doesnt seem to mind but he doesnt even appear interested in exploring the implications of his homo erotic hobby -- not even after they do it in the nude. This tale lacks the all-important transition from Im a straight boy smacking my guy friend around for fun to I think I might be gay and hitting him because Id like to spread his ass and do him S/M style. A very important thing to leave out.<br /><br />Clearly these stories each could have conveyed their points in half the time. The 3rd part with the man and woman slapping each other around adds to that thought. Furthermore it was unnecessary and added nothing to the film. Yes the actors did a fine job under the circumstances and the four male leads were very sexy. The make-up (bruises and cuts) however was on par with a grammar school talent show.<br /><br />There wasnt enough meat to this story to have any impact on the gay politic. The film made no statement squandered time and is not engaging or worthy enough for thoughtful investment. Its fatal flaw is its amateurish approach that makes it ultimately impossible to take seriously.',neg

'Cynthia Rothrock(China OBrien)Manhattan Chase2000 made this film enjoyable to watch and of coursee this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. China OBrien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad who is the local sheriff. Her dad is getting older and the town has changed gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to Hell. Well you almost can guess what happens and you are right China OBrien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. Bad acting through out the picture but Cynthia Rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion.',neg

'Having seen both Fear of a Black Hat and This is Spinal Tap I can honestly state that while similar both movies are truly must see. There will be many times in Fear that will have you in hysterics. It is no wonder why both movies have such a huge cult following. Fear will soon be available on DVD. Rent it if you must but the only way to fully enjoy this movie is to have it for yourself.',pos

'Overall I would have to say that I liked the movie. Some of the fight scenes are really good. Especially the fight against Leung Ka-Yan. One point that really bothered me was the fact that they used an Asian to play a black man. I mean really. Talk about bad taste. During a fight scene you see one of the fighters on the floor is laughing. Otherwise Sammo copies Bruce Lees fighting moves perfectly. 5 out of 10 Stars.',pos

'Writer/Director Peter Greenaway cements his title as the High Lord of Art House Pretension with his latest exercise in obnoxious self-indulgence 8 ½ Women. The film follows a wealthy Englishman and his son on their mutual quest for sexual satisfaction as they lure and blackmail women (guess how many) into joining their personal collection of concubines.<br /><br />Think of any possible way that this premise could be offensive and chances are Greenaways done it. The female characters are little more than a catalogue of fetishes for the two protagonists to partake of. Theres the Kabuki-obsessed Mio the ever-pregnant Giaconda and Beryl whos got a thing for farm animals. Giulietta has no legs and uses a wheelchair shes the half woman get it? Greenaway vehemently denies all accusations of misogyny but if this isnt it then what is?<br /><br />The film goes on to eroticize anything and everything having to do with Japan a continuation of themes from his snore-worthy (but less sexist) 1996 film The Pillow Book. But where the The Pillow Book was erotic and graceful 8 ½ Women just gets horny and exploitative. Greenaways work is tasteless and arrogant in its fetishism and the only person likely to enjoy watching it is the auteur himself.',neg

'I feel much less generous with this film than others of its ilk. The portrayal of madmen in this century is always done with them being so totally bizarre as to be a different species. Their antics are so outrageous as to be totally fictionalized. Everyone is Napoleon or some other historical figure; or they have a fascination with chickens. They are on the make or beating each other up. Its as if the scriptwriter said what can I make up for them to do without an sense of what insanity or even mental illness is. Watch the wonderful human portrayal in One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest where the illnesses are believable and real. I once worked in a State Mental hospital. I didnt see any of these guys. These are too smart and calculating to make them come to life.',neg

'I happened upon this flick on a rainy Sunday intending to tune-in to something else. Out of curiosity I accessed the comments here and found myself watching it to the end. I really didnt do so with intent -- this was one of those movies where youre fascinated and watch it for another couple of minutes until you finally just watch to the end. And the indictment of it in most of these comments made it more fascinating to view. The one comment where the person really liked it seems to be solely as a result of liking Ladd and Spano and their earlier roles. But great isnt anywhere to be found anywhere here - story performances and particularly the absurd courtroom hi-jinks. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr passed the 300-lb. mark) and Ben Matlock are granted some leeway in cavorting around the courtroom instead of being boringly confined to a lectern. And Matlock is especially granted the privilege of entering exhibits often by simply going to the jury and showing them before the judge and prosecutor have even been informed of or shown them. No real-life judge or prosecutor would stand for this.<br /><br />Both Perry and Ben almost always ended the proceedings by wringing a confession of the real killer. Actually Perry nearly always did this but often Matlock would simply present overwhelming evidence of the true culprit pronounce it reasonable doubt and then leave it to the cops and prosecutors to proceed against the guilty party - sometimes on-camera sometimes presumed at the end of the show.<br /><br />But that said Holland Taylors histrionics and the amount of leeway afforded her in the courtroom portion of this story made the actions of Matlock/Mason more-closely resemble the slow often boring detail such as seen on Court TV and in real-life courtrooms.<br /><br />Every character in this presentation was either insipid unsympathetic obnoxious boring improbable - or some combination of two or more of these.<br /><br />The ending was the most banal absurd even silly conclusion possible - but again fascinating because of this. Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals and t.v. movies would appear their best forte - probably best in 2nd-lead (probably better if 3rd-) roles even in this venue. Taylor could be cast as the aunt or mother of one of them. Give this one 1 star for the story/performances and 3 additional for the fascination factor.',neg

'I saw this 1997 movie because I am a fan of Lorenzo Lamas (and of his father the late Fernando Lamas). In my opinion Lorenzo looked his best in this film mostly due to his hairstyle and the preppy wardrobe that were flattering to him.<br /><br />As the plot progressed I realized the movie was more than just entertainment or a reason to see a favorite actor. The story was about a ring of serial killers and the attempts of law enforcement to investigate the ring and bring the members to justice. There was adequate suspense and I believe the violence was necessary to relate the story to the viewer.<br /><br />At the end of the film I was shocked to learn the film is the true account of horrendous murders that occurred in Utah. Furthermore Lorenzo and his leading lady were portraying actual FBI agents who solved the disappearances of many young women and contributed to the apprehension of the ring. I believe the film is worthwhile as it informs the public about the dangers and capabilities of the criminal element.',pos

'I happened to catch this on TV and wanted to watch because I remembered the Spin magazine article upon which the movie is based. I was very disappointed. First if James Belushi is the lead actor in a movie it should be a sign that its not exactly an A-list production. Gregory Hines was a world class dancer but sadly not a great actor.<br /><br />In fact all of the acting in this film is either flat or hammy which can only be blamed on the director who is this films weakest link. Charles Carner seemed to be trying to ape Oliver Stones JFK in portraying the alleged conspiracy to cover up the real child murderer(s) but without the benefit of a good script an A-list cast or it must be said the talent. It just doesnt work.<br /><br />Its a shame that such a worthy topic for a film did not get better treatment.',neg

'A rich experience is to be gained from watching this film.<br /><br />This is a seemingly simple story of a gifted pupil Yiu Kwok who later becomes a teacher of classical Chinese poetry. He is married with two sons and things at home seem normal. He still loves his wife after twenty years of marriage and his sons alternately fill him with pride (the elder one) and disappointment (the younger one).<br /><br />His passion for the poetry makes him an object of infatuation for a senior student in one of his classes. The student Choi Lam draws pictures of him during class significantly one of him with a flower coming from his mouth. She teases him more with her intelligence than her sexuality although that too is an element. He of course is not immune to her attention though he tries for a while to keep the demarcation line between teacher and student in place.<br /><br />The reason why he doesnt succeed in the end is complicated. Firstly there is a real depth to the communication between him and Choi Lam. It becomes clear that she genuinely likes him and its mutual. Secondly there is a long-standing problem in his marriage that is brought to light when an old friend of both his and his wife becomes ill. The consequences of the wifes involvement with this friend both past and present are almost too sad to bear.<br /><br />Nothing is treated trivially in this film. All the characters have a vivid internal life and an easily discernible history. The two leads Jacky Cheung and Anita Mui are outstanding as are Karena Lam as the student Choi Lam and Shaun Tam as the elder son On Yin.<br /><br />Recommended without reservation.',pos

'Wonderful family film that should be a staple at Christmas time. Its a mystery to me why it isnt. A true lost film that I first encountered flickering away on my old 19 black and white RCA when the Million Dollar Movie was still in vogue on Channel 9 in New York City. This Rudolph Mate directed fantasy should be nestled under everyones Christmas tree. But it has never been released on home video. Too bad. I believe I saw part of it on AMC a few years ago before they cut many of their older films from the rotation. TCM should take up the slack and play it at Easter or on Christmas Eve. Any movie with Santa Aunt Bee the Hostess Cupcake Lady and an actor with the first name King cant be bad. Ann Blyth as Sally is a bundle of energy. During her school years she rushes over to the chapel to pray for St. Ann to help and give guidance to her mixed-up and financially strapped family. It works. So after she graduates she places a statue of St. Ann in her own bedroom. At one point the entire OMoyne residence is moved to another address. I think this was done to put an end to a neighbor dispute between the OMoynes and the dastardly fellow next door. Blyth is cute as a button. Edmund Gwen can play the reclusive grandfather in his sleep. All-in-all this is a satisfying movie experience.',pos

'Being a fan of silent films I looked forward to seeing this picture for the first time. I was pretty disappointed. <br /><br />As has been mentioned the film seems to be one long long commercial for the Maxwell automobile. <br /><br />Perhaps if the chase scene was about half the length that it is I may have enjoyed the film more. But it got old very fast. And while I recognize that reality is stretched many times in films without lessening a viewers enjoyment what was with the Mexican bandits? I mean they are chasing a car through the mountains a car that most of the time is moving at about one mile per hour yet they cant catch up to it?',neg

'Screened at the San Francisco International Film Festival under the title  Come Undone April 25 26 & 27 2001. The cinematographer uses techniques that add to the storytelling. Even with fall/winter backgrounds for the present and spring summer for the flashbacks there can be some difficulty following the continuity.<br /><br />Whether either lead is gay the actors well-portray the budding relationship in real life terms; from physical violence toward each other to their passionate lovemaking. The story pulls you into the characters a bit slowly in the beginning. But as the end approaches you really care about where these guys will be next summer! You too will want a sequel to find out.',pos

'Having first achieved fame with Drunken Master Jackie Chan was thrust into the spotlight once more with 1983s Project A a hugely enjoyable pirate flick which re-established him as a major star. By the time Police Story was released two years later the extraordinary hype surrounding Jackie was reaching its zenith and crowds flocked to see this frenetic blend of awesome stunts brutal fight scenes and questionable comedy. It broke numerous box-office records and inspired a 50\% rise in police recruits but viewed 20 years on - is it any good?<br /><br />As an action movie Police Story unquestionably stands up. There are several terrific fight scenes some stuntwork that recalls the very best of Chans hero Buster Keaton and a compelling if over-violent climactic tussle. Jackies performance is also very strong and whilst the frequent forays into laboured comedy dull the films impact just a little his charisma carries it through. Furthermore in presenting our hero as a borderline psychopath whose recklessness puts others in danger Jackie took a momentous gamble ... though in the event nobody seems to have noticed! By praising Police Story as a simple Good vs. Evil battle critics belittled the films ambiguity of tone and whilst its hardly The Brothers Karamazov in depicting such uncertainty the film nevertheless represented a notable and praiseworthy shift from conventional ideas.<br /><br />In short this remains a quality popcorn movie* (though you may empty your stomach as numerous villains are thrust against or deposited into glass showcases in the films final scene) - a potent boisterously entertaining action movie that ranks with the best of its period.',pos

'I really liked the first part of this film in Africa for about an hour or so until the animal cruelty by civilized humans in Scotland got to me in the second half and made me so sad I couldnt watch some of it. However this was done by the filmmaker to make a point that early natural scientists ruined everything alive they didnt understand by studying it literally to death without considering the rights and comfort of the animals studied which we know now shouldnt be studied anywhere but in the natural world they inhabit and as unobtrusively as possible. I do recommend this film as it was a mostly serious and honest story of Tarzan and made a point of showing the gross animal cruelty that was rampant in the 19th century scientific world as well as the pure and simple beautifully primitive life Tarzan lived as a young man who was found as a baby and raised by chimps after the violent death of his parents in the African jungle.<br /><br />Christopher Lambert was wonderful and very soulful in his life of Tarzan role as was Ralph Richardson in his last film role as Tarzans ultra-rich nobility-reeking gramps in Scotland. Andy MacDowell was pretty and pretty good as Tarzans gussied-up and civilized Jane in her first movie role. From his charismatic work in this film and his very haunting eyes I cannot understand why Lambert did not later become a big star but his really bad movie choices later may have done him in. The terrific Ian Holm as a wounded Frenchman in Africa helped by Tarzan and who then escorted Tarzan back to his previously unknown ancestral home in Scotland was great as always.<br /><br />I am so glad Tarzan got sick of and didnt stay in the animal-cruel civilized world at that time and went home to Africa in the end to live out his life with his gentle and loving ape relatives who raised him instead of staying in Scotland and living like royalty which would have ruined him if it didnt kill him first.',pos

'<br /><br />The movie starts out as an ordinary comic-hero-movie. It´s about the boy who is picked on has no parents and is madly in love with the schools #1 girl. Nothing surprises in the movie there is nothing that you can´t guess coming in the movie. Toby Mcguire shows us that either he is no good actor or that no actor in the world can save a script like this one. Maybe kids around the age of ten can enjoy the film but it is a bit violent for the youngest. You can´t get away from thinking of movies like X-men Batman and Spawn. All of those titles are better. I almost walked out the last 20 minutes! One thing that could have been good though was the computeranimation BUT not even that is anything to put in the christmas-tree! So my recomendation: Don´t see this film even if you get paid for it!',neg

'A small-town schoolteacher (Geena Davis) slowly begins to realize that she has suffered amnesia and really use to be a secret government assassin! Soon there are men after her and a small-time private detective (Samuel L. Jackson).<br /><br />This was action-packed with some great special effects and really funny one-liners (especially from Jackson). Although the action may get a little silly at times who cares? After all arent movies meant to be a good time?<br /><br />Craig Bierko is fun as a ruthless villain. The movie itself was an all-around good time. Just dont expect to have to think too much about it because then if you take it too seriously then the movie actually wont be fun but stupid instead.<br /><br />This movie doesnt deserve to be called stupid or any other bad name.',pos

'About one step above an Olsens twins film theres a nary a surprise in store here except for how repulsive the bloated hunchbacked Depardieu looks walking around the beach without a shirt on. This guy was supposed to be some sort of heartthrob? Quasimodo hubba hubba? Well whatever.<br /><br />Katherine Heigls a great actress whose career over the last several years has displayed a lot of her potential as both a comedic and dramatic actress but this movie definitely didnt do anything to offer her a break-out role. Her vapid character lacks any trace of personality or self-esteem spending her entire vacation crushing on a cute boy that she thinks is the greatest guy in then world (basically because hes a cute boy) yet she cant be honest with him for two seconds. Ladies let me tell you something; if a guys really into you hes not going to stomp off in a huff because you tried to pass your dad off as your boyfriend. He may be a little confused about why youd do something so silly contrived and um...incestuous but in the end its just going to be something youll laugh together about.<br /><br />The plot and dialogue hits every clche right on cue. No originality and no wit...but its rilly rilly SWEET and Bens rilly rilly cute so viewers who think Titanic is the greatest movie ever made will of course say this movie is great because they wont notice that it doesnt have a brain in its head. One star.',neg

'I rented this movie and watched it 20 times before I took it back to the store. Bill Paxton hired some first rate talent to make a good thriller with some interesting twists. The story is original and well written. Powers Booth and Paxton both deliver good performances. The story is told in an interesting manner with both flashbacks 20 years back then spots in the present alternating back and forth. This style of storytelling makes for a good thriller that cant get dull. Bill Paxton please make more horror movies you have the talent for it!',pos

'I just finished watching guinea pig - Devils experiment. I have to say that this movie although having very good FX better then I expected was NOT a good movie. I honestly cant say that I enjoyed this movie at all. Of course It is effective in its way of being a shocking realistic twisted 43 minutes of torture but I found it to be very boring (and not as gory as i hoped). And also I found that the torturers were very annoying when they talked and loughed trying to sound tough all the time that ruined it even more (and Im sure theres some people out there who will agree with me on that one). I have now seen guinea pig 1235 and the best one out of those in my opinion is guinea pig 2 - Flowers of the flesh and blood. I wont say much more about Devils experiment other than Great fx descent acting from the girl annoying fu**ing torturers overall I give it 4 stars on account of the FX cos they are awesome.',neg

'One of the best musicals ever made this is an example of where the producers and director were not afraid to pick actors for their talent rather than for what people might expect. The lighting and set are unique giving it a very interesting effect (this has a special name that I cannot think of). The dialog is also unique in that no contractions are used. The movie is well paced beautifully acted and interesting from start to finish. A real joy is the MUSIC. Such an array of first-rate songs from beginning to end that are perfectly performed and orchestrated. Also the music is very original and very memorable and I think superior to many musicals from the thirties through the sixties. It certainly has more original and beautiful songs than most musicals that might have only two or three. Not bad for a director with no experience in this type of movie. Another quality is that it is fresh each time one sees it.',pos

'So American Pie: Beta House is the 6th American Pie movie in the series. Although it really has nothing to do with the original three American Pie movies except some of the characters are supposed to be related to the characters in the original trilogy and Eugene Levy is in it (cant that guy get better gigs?).<br /><br />There is very little to compliment this movie on. There arent any funny jokes. The acting is painful to watch especially the girl with the southern accent which sounds more like a Canadians impersonation of a British woman pretending to be a hillbilly by using the word yall. This movie makes me feel like such an idiot. Why didnt I apply to a college where nobody goes to class (but everybody gets good grades) girls consistently take their clothes off in public everybody has promiscuous unprotected sex without the burden of babies and STIs and you can ejaculate all over a girls family photos without her minding? Really this series has lowered itself to the standards of softcore porn. Maybe for the next one theyll finally break down and hire Ron Jeremy as the lead. Im sure they can just tie it in to the series by making his character Stiflers 3rd uncle once removed or something like that.',neg

'Reviewing KAZAAM and saying its a bad movie isnt hard at all--after all critics at the time it came out fell all over themselves excoriating this film--saying it was among the worst films of the decade! So the fact that I say its bad or anyone else says its bad is certainly no surprise. Its like someone talking about WWII--practically no one says that was a GOOD thing right?! The question I have and no place on IMDb can answer it is why did they make this in the first place?!. After all its obvious to anyone who isnt severely brain injured that the film would be horrible. But movies like ED (a baseball playing chimp) COOL AS ICE (starring the ever-popular Vanilla Ice) TROLL 2 (which doesnt even have any trolls in it) BABY GENIUSES (Einstain-like superhero babies) and PINOCCHIO IN OUTER SPACE (huh!?!) prove that any idea no matter how dumb can make it to the big screen! So the idea of the best basketball player of the time starring as a genie to an obnoxious little brat seems downright normal! <br /><br />The film starts with a kid who is pretty jerky keying the lockers in the hallway of the school. Like the punk from FREE WILLY this kid is somehow misunderstood (in other words a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is by the end of the film hell have learned something and grown. Just once I want to see a punk kid like this end up in prison or or dead by the end of the film! Eventually while the neighborhood bullies are in the middle of pummeling him the genie Kazaam (Shaquille ONeal)is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. But the kid doesnt believe him AND the genies magic seems a tad rusty.<br /><br />Eventually the brat does realize that Kazaam is for real. However unlike most kids he withholds making his wishes so in the meantime Kazaam is forced to follow him around everywhere--like his own personal servant. And according to the cliché you know that by the end of the film Max and Kazaam will have become lifelong buddies and a bunch of tears will be shed. Oh and Max will have come to terms with his absent father and moms fiancé (Im gonna gag). Apparently this genie is a bit of a social worker in addition to being a granter of wishes.<br /><br />As for Kazaam Shaquille speaks in rhyme through much of the movie and even takes a break to rap...very poorly. Im a middle-aged white guy and I think I could probably rap at least as well! Hes an amazing basketball player and Ive heard hes a nice guy--but a rapper...no way! As far as his acting goes he wasnt great but had such a nice personality in the film that its hard to hate him--even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things.<br /><br />So is the movie as excruciatingly awful as youve probably heard? through the first two-thirds of the movie I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to try his best with an unlikable kid and a bad script. However later in the film the bad becomes horrid--as Kazaam seems too concerned with himself to help the kid when hes really needed. And out of nowhere the plot gets really really weird--as the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star(?!?!) turns out to be an evil mobster! And oddly this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genie with no hesitation! <br /><br />In addition the last portion of the film consists of people trying to kill Max and his dad. I know that the kid was annoying but this is supposed to be a kids film!! What part of trying to kill the kid didnt the writers not understand?!? Then in an ending that makes this perhaps the worst kids film ending in history Kazaam becomes god or something and it all was like a drug-induced hallucination! This ending was even dumber and weirder than the one in THE BLACK HOLE...and boy did it make my brain hurt!! Uggghh--the horrible dialog was just too much to bear!!!<br /><br />Overall its a terrible film that is due mostly to writers who were certifiably insane. Yes folks with a messed up message bizarre non-kid friendly material and horrible characters this is one wretched film. Sadly given the idea and actors its hard to imagine the final product turning out much worse!!<br /><br />By the way if you want to see a Genie in a modern world film that is GOOD try the British made for TV film Bernard and the Genie--a charming and exceptionally well-written film from start to finish.',neg

'Fantastic documentary. A movie within a movie. Im so glad Block forged on after his Mothers death. Makes one wonder about the time and money spent in therapy. What might have happened if she didnt have that outlet? Did the therapist help her or just foster a dependency that kept his bank account flush? The audience needs to understand that divorce was less of an option in those days. She was a housewife - went to therapy instead of going to college or job training. She seemed to feel trapped by the situation. I wonder if the therapist ever tried to get her to think about what she could have done to change her situation and free herself? Meanwhile wife #2 was just the opposite. She was out there working with his Dad; ended her bad marriage supported herself and appears to be a very confident giving person. Whatever the state of the marriage the Blocks did something right in raising 3 kids who could look at their parents story be OK with it and share it with us and maybe lead us to start conversations with our parents and spouses.',pos

'Hardware Wars rips off EVERYTHING in Star Wars. But if you are planning on doing any parody you need to do it just a bit better than this. Not that there is anything wrong per se with Hardware Wars but if you spoof do it well or not at all.',neg

'Great adaptation of the Christie novel. Surprising attention to authentic period details for the time (Many films of the mid-1970s-early 80s that try to do 1920s-early 30s look far too mid-70s-early 80s for my liking so expected the worst here and was gladly proved wrong)The costumes and sets are very well done. I liked this production very much  largely due to the adorable Francesca Annis portrayal of a carefree bright young Lady Frankie and James Warwicks charming Bobbie. The pair would go on to portray Christies Tommy & Tuppence which is funny as some contemporary book critics compared Frankie and Bobby to her earlier characters of Tommy & Tuppence. The supporting characters were equally well done  the over the top Mrs. Rivington (acted by Miss Marple-to-be Joan H.) and Badger is played perfectly as the post WWI Bertie Wooster type.',pos

'foywonders review of this cheap STV hits the nail squarely on the head. Make sure you read it. In case you dont a group of scientists heads off into the deep woods of the Pacific Northwest to fumble around with a bunch of bones in an animal graveyard. The Big Foot family doesnt take kindly to this and proceeds to pick off the team one by one largely offscreen. Big Foot himself has a distinctly ape-like face but is less scary overall than Harry from HARRY AND THE HENDERSONS. Most of the movie has the wooden generic actors pretending to be scientists tromping around in the woods and yakking away. This is a no-budget movie in which very little happens at least on screen. We do get to watch the sexiest of the females take a shower while one of her male companions watches but nothing comes of this.',neg

'In the first twenty minutes we are swept away by several powerfully portrayed emotions: a suffocating and overbearing mother has a violent argument with her live-in 40yr old daughter; a piano teacher (and professor of music)s love for her pupils expressed in unswerving critical appraisal; the joy that music can inspire both in the listener and the performer. Within this short space of time our senses have been assaulted convincingly with very real characters. We are also swept away by powerfully performed music and shown the difference between great and mediocre performance with a lot of attention to nuance. Such material alone would have been the basis for an outstanding film of widespread appeal. But the trend in French cinema being what it is it goes deeper exploring the repressed sexuality of the teacher the expression of sexual freedom and subsequent breakdown within a context of passionate attraction and the inevitable cycle of real abuse. We are drawn to her suffering and at least initially wonder how much suffering may be related to the accomplishment of genius particularly in the composers she admires. The Piano Teacher contains graphic dialogue and depictions of sex and brutality in scenes that some people might rather not watch. The scenes are essential to the dilemmas which the film seeks to raise and so can hardly be called gratuitous. A great film it may be but mainstream viewing it is not.',pos

'Relentless like one of those loud action movies. The entire cast seems to be on speed. I didnt quite get the directors intentions if any. I wonder if shes ever seen a Stanley Donen Vincent Minnelli or even a George Sidney musical. Structure please! This is one hell of a mess and I loved Abba. The costumes the unflattering photography - unflattering towards the actors but loving towards the locations) The one thing that makes the whole thing bearable is the sight of Meryl Streep making a fool of herself. No chemistry with her friends (Christine Baranski and Julie Walters) think of Streep with Lily Tomlyn in the Altman film and youll understand what I was hoping for. I was embarrassed in particular by Pierce Brosnam and Colin Firth. The audience however seemed to enjoy it so it probably its just me.',neg

'At least it is with this episode. Here we have a time traveler the Professor from Gilligans Island no less going back in time to 1865. What does one do--why try to save Lincoln of course! No really interesting variations are rung on this old theme. As another reviewer has stated this episode is particularly drab and unstylish with little to suggest that the Professor really is back in the 1860s. Budget limitations are readily apparent and the direction is stolid. John Wilkes Booth adds a spark but it remains a very flat production. We too often feel we are on stage sets waiting for something clever to happen. There is a minor twist at the end but I emphasize minor.',neg

'Well how to make a movie as provocative as possible? This cartoonishly straight shocker tries by having two low-life Paris women (one prostitute one recently raped ex-porn actress no less) lash out and go on a national sex-and-killing spree- of men in particular. <br /><br />Very short running time gives you a hint of the experimental nature of this violently hardcore Thelma & Louise- but its done completely without irony or contemplation for any possible feminist message... And since we dont get very close to the protagonists the violence actually feels muted and numbing- and maybe thats a good thing. <br /><br />As a liberal advocate of freedom of expression I always welcome when the serious movie industry dares to contain full-on sex scenes. But the question is: Does it work for the movie as a whole? Is it any good? Here not very although were given a new meaning to the phrase a shot in the ass! <br /><br />3 out of 10 from Ozjeppe',neg

'This movie exemplifies a certain brand of comedy horror of a strictly adult kind but quite different to the Troma movies (with which it shares certain qualities). The humour is rough and ready but fast and furious. If the idea of hideous dolls with evil powers and twisted minds dont make you shrug with boredom reach for the six-pack of beer and enjoy the best Chucky film yet.',pos

'After seeing this film months ago it keeps jumping back into my consciousness and I feel I must buy it or at least see it again even though I watched it at least 3 times when I rented it at that point.<br /><br />I fell in love with Hal Hartleys directing many years ago - I found that these films could make me laugh in an place that is rarely entertained. It is a strange feeling granted and I assume most people out there really just dont get it or it makes them feel confused and somewhat uncomfortable - I guess I just really get it - its as if these films were made for me.<br /><br />Although I dont remember if I actually laughed out loud during this film it remains one of the funniest films Ive seen in many years. If you dont see the humor of the grocery bag Fay carries from the street to a church to her brothers publishers office to her sons principals office you may lack the intelligence to be highly impressed by this film. The bag is a silent character in itself being dragged around as an icon of motherhood the usually brash bitchy Parker Posey must carry before the international intrigue of the remainder of the film besets her.<br /><br />I consider Henry Fool my least favorite of Hartleys films. I honestly dont remember it very well - I think the character himself was so despicable I found it tedious. Hartleys forte seems to be feminine character development.<br /><br />Aside from Poseys brilliance it was wonderful to see Elina Lowensohn one of my favorite actresses again. Her extravagant naiveté is perfect for Hartleys direction. His ability to make the outrageous seem banal helps define his style as a delicious chronic irony throughout.<br /><br />This film erupts into a highly relevant international intrigue story explaining political situations in Afganistan. This is never suspected at the beginning. The complexity of this films development is unparalleled.<br /><br />This is the epitome of a stand alone sequel. The less you know about Henry Fool the more mystery is spun around him the less you expect his appearance toward the end of the film - as an alcoholic chain-smoking complaint machine hurling insults at his Islamic terrorist caretaker who somehow seems to respect him. Its like finding out Santa Claus is actually a 12-year-old schoolyard bully.<br /><br />Although I was impressed and satisfied with Hartleys other recent films the Girl from Monday and No Such Thing Fay Grim goes far beyond what I expected with a sense of humor and originality no Oscar winner would ever dare.',pos

'I was a little skepticle if I should watch this when it was first shown on CBS. I was one of the many people who were in NYC on that day I was going to school at Hunter College. I didnt want to see all the devistation and carnage again but like many I was curious to see what this was all about. Tears came to my eyes watching this documentary. All my memories returned and just the intense images were unbelievable. I bought the DVD on the one year anniversary and watched it a few times. How these guys were able to capture this footage was incredible. If you have not seen this documentary do yourself a favor and check it out. It is obviously depressing and will bring tears to eyes but its an incredible document of this countries darkest hour.',pos

'Brokedown Palace is not the kind of movie I would ever like to see. I also did not like the movie when some Aussie man smuggled drugs in Thailand and accused Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale of drug smuggling. I would not go to that country no matter what after I saw this movie. In fact this movie stinks. I prefer to visit Germany to meet beautiful single women. Germany is the country I tolerate. I also would rather stick to the United States instead. After I saw some of the movie in the theatre including the false accusation of drug smuggling I left the theatre and had my money refunded because I cannot tolerate this movie. If you are going to to Thailand to meet someone there who could be a drug smuggler forget this!',neg

'A good story about Rusty Parker (Rita Hayworth) who dreams of being on broadway which means she would have to leave the small dinner theater where she works with Danny (Gene Kelly) and Genius (Phil Silvers). Rusty is in love with Danny. All three are good friends and every Friday night they go to a local bar where they get oysters so they can look for a pearl (they never eat them). The story line provides numerous opportunities for songs and dancing. The movie has two questions that Rusty must answer: Is fame all that it is cracked up to be? and Is less really more if you are happy? Answering those questions makes the movie. The movie also does a good job of showcasing the talents that all three principals had. Never a dull moment!',pos

'Simply one of the best movies ever. If you wont get it - sorry for you. I believe that someday people will include this one in their all-time top 10s. Not now but in the far future.',pos

'I rented this film from Blockbust because of the Cover and Title! Sounded intriguing!! This movie suffered because of the writing it needed more suspense. The monsters needed more face time. We needed them to have some sort of special power and definitely more Oh Sh-- moments. The photography didnt bother me except for the scene where a re-breather blows up. There were too many close ups. But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didnt really work for their freedom. Overall I would say everyone put in a lot of time even the writers. But this movie is definitely a below average rent.<br /><br />There are definitely better picks. I would recommend Anacondas 1 or 2 over this pick.',neg

'Had no idea what I was going to experience viewing this old film from 1940. However I always enjoy viewing Laraine Day (Katie Lattimer) who plays the role as a younger sister to Jean Muir (Helen Lattimer) and also their mother Billie Burke (Mrs. Julia Lattimer). Thought I was going to be bored with the story of two sisters and a mother who is overly protective of her daughters until they meet up with Robert Cummings (Ridley Crane) who has the reputation of being a millionaire playboy who has plenty of gals and is a heavy drinker who parties all the time. One night Helen Lattimer goes on a date with Ridley and he proceeds to get bombed out of his mind and simply cannot drive his car. It is at this point in the film when this becomes a drama and changes the complete direction of this film which will definitely hold your attention right to the very end of the film.',pos

'How can there be that many corrupt cops without any one of them slipping up? With enough cops to run a mini-war that include such weapons as flamethrowers you would think they would have been caught before someone writing for a weekly coupon newspaper overheard someone saying thanks to a corrupt cop.<br /><br />You will never get your 90ish minutes back. Life is too precious to rent this movie.<br /><br />I feel bad for the big named actors that made the mistake of making this movie.<br /><br />If you like Justin Timberlake feel free to rent this movie. He does have a very major part in it so fans might enjoy seeing him. <br /><br />However I believe most of his fans are young girls who may be turned off by the violence in this movie.',neg

'The Van is a feelgood movie about a guy who tries to lure girls into his new van in order to seduce them. The only thing this movie doesnt fail at is precisely depicting the van fad in the US in the late 70s. It looks like it was totally made by amateurs. Its trash but I loved it! I have to admit I am a fan of 70s trash! Hope this one makes it to the IMDB bottom 100!<br /><br />2',neg

'Well I guess I was in the mood for a movie that really grabbed me from the beginning. This movie wasnt it. It plodded along at a pretty slow deliberate pace for the first 40 minutes but there wasnt really anything in it that I was terribly interested in--theres an intriguing and mysterious feud between Jean Renos character and an old man but more of the first 40 minutes is dominated by the wanderings of the main character whom I didnt know much about and couldnt really relate to at the time. He wanders around alone for the most part he doesnt meet anyone; I imagine the director was trying to depict the loneliness of the human condition in this post-apocalyptic world or something which is all good but I still wish hed trimmed it down from 40 minutes to 15 because it can get incredibly boring.<br /><br />But after those 40 minutes things start to get very interesting. I guess I wont really say more than that because I dont want to spoil anything. So if youve seen the first 15-30 minutes of this movie and are thinking about turning it off (like I was) just stick with it--it gets a lot better.<br /><br />One of the most interesting things I found about this movie was the fact that it had no dialogue whatsoever which really made me have to think about what was happening how characters were feeling and what their motivations were why things were how they were in this post-apocalyptic world all of which gives the story a lot of room for audience interpretation. And its amazing how much more satisfying a movie is when the actors arent telling you exactly whats going on.',pos

'I was raised in a very Christian household since birth. I was saved before I saw this movie and the rest of the series and was forced to watch it in a youth group at my church. This movie was highly disturbing. I saw it when I was about 12 years old and literally had nightmares about it for years. I used to lay awake in bed and listen for the sounds of my moms footsteps upstairs. If I didnt hear her footsteps I would sneak upstairs to make sure she hadnt been raptured. I used to pray so hard every night for salvation because I was terrified of Jesus forgetting me. This is definitely not something I will show to my kids until they are much older if at all. It took me years to shake the fear that this movie gave me.',neg

'This is not the video nastie but only because it came out in 1994 when they were presumably tired of the whole thing in Britain. It is 75\% a rehash of The Boogeyman and would have been banned for the same reason - whatever that was.<br /><br />I was initially confused as I thought that Annie (Kelly Galindo) may have been a different Lacey but she was someone trouble by psychic visions of a boogeyman similar to the one in the first film. Fans will immediately note that they are not the same person.<br /><br />After seeing a murder in a bathroom and also seeing the address as well Annie her psychiatrist and a para psychology student who greatly resembles the guy on the cheap romance novels and butter commercials head to the house and sure enough its the same bathroom. 24 hours later a murder happens just as she described. Of course we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered.<br /><br />Then the movie shift to a rerunning of The Boogeyman story with some extra footage that we did not see in the original. Notably the boogeyman is shown unlike the original. Sadly some of the good scenes were cut but 90\% of it is there. Why rerun this film? Did they find the footage in the trash? What was the purpose? <br /><br />Well never know and despite the psychologist telling Annie she is cured we all know the bogeyman will never die.',neg

'The history of the FBI as told from the point of view of Agent Stewart via flashbacks interwoven with his personal life story. Stewart and Miles (as his wife) are pretty good as is Hamilton as an earnest agent. The problem is that the episodic nature of the story makes it difficult to get involved. Its like watching bits and pieces of a dozen different movies as we get glimpses of a whos who cast of gangsters. Some of the episodes are too long some too short and some just look out of place (Stewarts daughters school sequence). Overall it goes on way too long. Nevertheless its worth a look for its handsome production values.',pos

'(Synopsis) In the year 2055 the rich are able to travel back in time and hunt a live dinosaur for a huge price. Sonia Rand (Catherine McCormack) has developed a machine that can take people back in time. Charles Hatton (Ben Kingsley) has taken this technology and opened a business know as Time Safari. Anyone with the money can travel back millions of years and shoot a dinosaur. Dr. Travis Ryer (Edward Burns) leads his team together with the big game hunter on a floating walkway to a spot where they can kill the dinosaur. The trip protocol is that they must stay on the walkway and not disturb the land or anything creature around them. Unfortunately for the human race one hunter steps on and kills a butterfly. This insignificant act causes major impacts to the earths climate and creates new species of animal life. The course of evolution as we know it is now being changed by time waves. Travis and Sonia try to stop the changing process before it becomes permanent and man becomes extinct.<br /><br />(Comment) The movie was a little slow and the concept of going back in time and changing things was a little overdone. The death of a single butterfly causing the tremendous changes in the worlds atmosphere and evolution is simply ridiculous. They changed the skyline of Chicago to look modern but the new cars of the future were silly looking. You can wait to see this fantasy on DVD. (Warner Brothers Pictures Run time 1:43 Rated PG-13)(4/10)',neg

'While it comes no closer to the Tarzan of Edgar Rice Burroughs than say the Johnny Wiesmuller flicks did it does have its own peculiar and entertaining slant on the story. Its a well done Tarzan movie. Nice scenery good photography workable continuity and a Tarzan yell that echos the one described by Burroughs. The players all perform well. The only bad points I found were I think related. It moves slow in places. That slow movement? Makes this picture to long. It could easily have been 15 to 20 minutes shorter which I think would have helped with the natural flow of the plot line and the character development. But the rest of the film works well enough to carry it over these two rough spots and still leave the viewer satisfied with the flick. Short version of all the above ... Its a very GOOD Tarzan movie.',pos

'Im only rating this film as a 3 out of pity because it attempts to be worthwhile. I love to praise a great movie and Im not biased toward male movies. Legally blonde was an excellent film. Georgia Rule on the other hand was a disorganized weak poorly written unrealistic example of movie making at its worst. by the end of the film I didnt care who was lying or if anything was resolved. <br /><br />The most important thing in a film is a good STORY. This story is weak and never develops (just because the subject matter is deep doesnt mean the story is good). A good story has dynamic characters. A dynamic character is one that experiences a major character change and is primed for that change over the course of the movie. In Georgia Rule the character changes were abrupt and undeveloped. Secondly there were too many ATTEMPTED dynamic characters. Pulling off a really good dynamic character is a tough job and takes time (youve only got a couple hours in a movie). That means that too many attempted dynamic characters will get too little attention to their personal change. Even if I ignore the poorly written story and the litter of weak dynamic characters I cant even say I liked anyone. Every character was a mess. Thats fine if yourre writing American Beauty but not when youre attempting a dramatic comedy. Georgia was a horrible mother her daughter was a horrible mother and daughter and Lohan was a horrible excuse for a human being (no Im not cutting her any slack because she was molested crap happens to everyone and were all responsible for our own actions). The Dudley Do Right Mormon kid should have had the guts not to compromise his religion and commitments...and Simon I mean seriously what kind of guy lets a 17 year old girl whos been molested just stay over occasionally (unless hes an actor or a politician). This movie is worth watching if you want to remind yourself what good movie making is NOT!',neg

'How anyone can say this is bad is beyond me. I loved this show before I even saw it. For 3 reasons 1. The Story intrigued me 2. Jessica Alba and 3. James Cameron! Please ignore the bad comments and Please watch the whole first Season before you decide that its bad because I know that if you watch the first Season you will LOVE it and go out and Buy Season 1 as well as Season 2 on DVD and then Join the campaign to get Season 3 Made!<br /><br />I Hate Fox and Im sure a lot of you Dark Angel fans hate them too. They have a thing for Canning Good Shows! Dont you all agree?',pos

'I read the book a long time back and dont specifically remember the plot but do remember that I enjoyed it. Since Im home sick on the couch it seemed like a good idea and Hey !! It is a Lifetime movie.<br /><br />The movie is populated with grade B actors and actresses.<br /><br />The female cast is right out of Desperate Housewives. Ive never seen the show but there are lots of commercials for the show and I get the gist. Is there nothing original anymore? Sure but not on Lifetime.<br /><br />The male cast are all fairly effeminate looking and acting but the girls need to have husbands I suppose.<br /><br />In one scene a female is struggling with a male for her life and what does she do??? Kicks him in the testicles. What else? Women love that but let me tell you girls something... Its not as easy as its always made to look.<br /><br />It wasnt all bad. I did get the chills a time or two so I have to credit someone with that.',neg

'This movie travels farther on 8 gunshots 2 kisses and 100 clichés than should be possible. Yet it still works. Brilliant.<br /><br />As I was driving home from the theater I tried to figure out how it got away with movie staples like the pages of a novel manuscript blowing across a beach or the impossible series of fortuitous coincidences without the entire audience standing up and screaming Ive seen that a million times before! And youve pushed beyond the edge of believability! But the actors were so enchanting and the screen so filled with believable extras that I forgot to care. A friend who saw it with me said it transported him to Paris so perfectly that he was disappointed when we left the theater and realized we were still in Indiana.<br /><br />Overall a romantic-comedy-thriller with subtlety wit and elan.',pos

'For late-80s cheese this really isnt so bad. There are a lot of pretty funny throwaway one-liners (That was grand theft! - Thanks!) and Madonna gives a fine performance; nothing award-worthy here but that goes for Razzies as well as Oscars. Im curious to know if the movie would have been better received if she had used her regular (pre-British influenced) speaking voice rather than the hyper-Bronxy accent used instead. Oh well. As a side note I got to meet one of the actors who played one of the motorcycle cops through my work; he said that it was a fun film to work on but gave me the sad news that the actor who played Buck the UPS delivery guy died about a year after Whos That Girl',pos

'Opening credits: great. Music: just right for this film. Cinematography: sleazy to great effect.<br /><br />Harrowing excitement in a train-wreck sort of way. This is how out of control some lives can become. Wonderland depicts drug-induced wildness (and its consequences) not as an aberration but shows how it really does happen in our society. It is better than depictions of another wild group -Mansons- because all Manson films books etc concentrate so much on Mansons insane mind rather than the overall picture of the cheap fame and randomness that is so pervasive nowadays.<br /><br />If you want to see some of the best Method-acting on film watch Kilmer in this movie. He shows how The Method can be riveting in the right role.<br /><br />The filmmakers here succeed in raising out-of-control to the level of an art form not just for the sake of giving us cheap thrills.',pos

'I am dumbfounded that I actually sat and watched this. I love independent films horror films and the whole zombie thing in general. But when you add ningas youve crossed a line that should never be crossed. I hope the people in this movie had a great time making it then at least it wasnt a total waste. Youd never know by watching it though. Script? Are you kidding. Acting? I think even the trees were faking. Cinematography? Well there mustve been a camera there. Period. I dont think there was any actual planning involved in the making of this movie. Such a total waste of time that I wont prolong it by commenting further.',neg

'I think category 6: day of destruction was very unrealistic. The digital effects where like a childrens cartoon. <br /><br />The actors didnt act realistically for example when the girl was shot she acted like she got tomato sauce splatted on her. <br /><br />The movie was boring but I watched it because it was on. <br /><br />The only interesting character was Tornado Tommy he was funny!<br /><br />Please keep the special effects real.<br /><br />I liked the comment: What did we do to p.i.s.s-off Mother Nature?<br /><br />I dont know what else to write to fill up the 10 lines. What else can I say the movie is so boring I think my comment will be equally boring.',neg

'This is a very dark and intriguing horror type thriller based on the idea of religious murders. The storyline centres on a deranged man who lives in Texas US who suddenly goes on a killing spree with his two young sons after being instructed by God to redeem the world of bad people.<br /><br />Bill Paxton who directs this movie plays the deranged Father who is known as the Hand of God Killer while Matthew McConaughey plays his finest performances to date as the oldest son Fenton Meiks. The film revolves around Fenton who decides he can no longer hold the burden of his murderous childhood alone and uses flashbacks to hauntingly tell the story to FBI Agent Wesley Doyle (played by Powers Boothe).<br /><br />I cannot think of many movies that literally keep the viewer chained to their seat from start to finish and this is definitely one of them. Even if you want to stop watching you wont be able to because of the sheer power of this movie.<br /><br />The directors have filmed this movie very well and they help to set the plot through the good scenery. The acting in this movie is great but if there is any drawback it is that some parts are very powerful and may disturb some people.<br /><br />Whilst the concept of this film is very dark the young children help to portray the idea through brilliant acting. This really is a spine tingly movie and it is guaranteed to have you at the edge of your seat throughout. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys horror disturbing and powerful movies or anyone who just wants to see something different.<br /><br />8/10',pos

'On top of the fact that Skylar is a complete douche bag and his cons are unimaginative his schemes require way to much preparation to make any of his scams worth while. Without giving away any spoilers (as if it matters with this piece of crap) his cons are such a sham because it takes the effort of days and days of planning and the use of multiple accomplices and an entire camera crew etc. just to scam someone into a service that would cost less than a hundred bucks.....in addition if you read in the credits they re-stage some of the phone calls etc. because they dont pan out...The whole concept of this show is bunk because all of his cons have the cost in both the crew and the effort of ten times the actual cost of the service he is trying to get for free...what is the con?',neg

'This is an excellent movie. The cast is a great mix of characters and the story is decent. The movie is basically about a well-accomplished doctor stealing the bodies of dead brides and taking them to his home. Once the bodies are at his home he removes stuff (i hate to use such a general term but i forget what it was he removed) and puts it into his wife to retain her youth. Then a reporter Patricia Hunter investigates the situation and begins to find answers on why the brides were dying. She takes a trip to the doctors house and the interesting things begin to take place. Definitely watch this oldie but goodie if you can.',pos

'Although I have enjoyed Bing Crosby in other movies I find this movie to be particularly grating. Maybe because Im from a different era and a different country but I found Crosbys continual references to the Good Old USA pleasant at first trite after a while and then finally annoying. Dont get me wrong - Im not anti-American whatsoever - but it seemed that the English could do no right and/or needed this brave oh so smart American visitor to show them the way. Its a fish out of water story but unlike most movies of this sort this time its the fish who has the upper hand. To be fair to both myself and the movie I have watched it a few times spaced over a few years and get the same impression each time.<br /><br />(I watched another Crosby movie last night - The Emperors Waltz - and that too produced the same reaction in me. And to my surprise even my wife - who for whats its worth is American - found the in your face attitude of American Crosby to be irritating. One too many references to Teddy Roosevelt as she put it.) <br /><br />As for the premise of the movie its unique enough for its day and the supporting cast is of course very good. The scenery and the music is also good as are the great costumes - although I agree with a previous reviewer that the wig on William Bendix looks horrid (picture Moe of The Three Stooges).<br /><br />All in all for me this would be a much more enjoyable picture without the attitude of Bing Crosby but because he is in virtually every shot its pretty hard to sit through this movie.',neg

'This is a fair movie good for one-off viewing. The plot itself is fairly well worked for a picture of this kind which is a pleasent surprise as is the acting which although a little hammy is better than normal for these types of flick.<br /><br />The special effects are hilarious - a translucent giant and a blatantly polystyrene/papier mache hand wobbling unconvincingly on a bit of wire.<br /><br />Definitely to watch once for kitsch entertainment value.<br /><br />5/10.',neg

'Robert Taylor definitely showed himself to be a fine dramatic actor in his role as a gun-slinging buffalo hunter in this 1956 western. It was one of the few times that Taylor would play a heavy in a film. Nonetheless this picture was far from great as shortly after this Taylor fled to television with the successful series The Detectives.<br /><br />Stuart Granger hid his British accent and turned in a formidable performance as Taylors partner. <br /><br />Taylor is a bigot here and his hatred for the Indians really shows.<br /><br />Another very good performance here was by veteran actor Lloyd Nolan as an aged drinking old-timer who joined in the hunt for buffalo as well. In his early scenes Nolan was really doing an excellent take-off of Walter Huston in his Oscar-winning role in The Treasure of the Sierre Madre in 1948. Note the appearance of Russ Tamblyn in the film. The following year Tamblyn and Nolan would join in the phenomenal Peyton Place.<br /><br />The writing in the film is stiff at best. By the films end its the elements of nature that did Taylor in. How about the elements of the writing here?',neg

'It was such a treat when this show was on because it was such a fresh innovative and original show. This makes every show Ive ever watched look plain boring. The moment the first episode aired I was entranced and I became attached to all the characters so easy (which usually never happens because I always hate a few characters). It is a pity this show wont have a third season because it has to be one of the best shows I have ever seen and that isnt exaggerating my feelings for the show at all. Nothing can ever replace Pushing Daisies because what could ABC possibly find to replace this show? This is easily the best show on television. <br /><br />I came for Kristin Chenoweth and I stayed because I fell in love with the entire show.',pos

'The Mother is a weird low-budget movie touching at least two uncomfortable themes not usually explored in the cinema: denial of love of mother for their own son and daughter and lust and passion in the third age.<br /><br />The characters are awful: May is a disgusting old lady and I believe it is impossible to feel any kind of sympathy or sorrow for her. She confesses that she did not love her son and her daughter. She cheated her husband twice with an intellectual. She steals the beloved man of her daughter not to protect her from a guy without moral that does not love her but just because she feel horny with him. She is trying to organize her life after the loss of her husband in the worst possible way destroying her daughter delusions. Paula her daughter is a fragile loser who accepts her life the way it is. Her brother Bobby is a man who lost his savings because of his wife who insists in having her shop a terrible business indeed. Darren is an amoral addicted jerk who does not like anybody even himself.<br /><br />The acting and direction are excellent: the actresses and actors have outstanding performances and the direction is very precise. I liked this movie but I recognize that it is recommended for very specific audiences. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): Recomeçar (Re-Start)',pos

'Director Lesley Selanders thoroughly routine outdoor yarn The Yellow Tomahawk (1954) pits the Cheyenne against the U.S. Cavalry with leathery tough Rory Calhoun in the middle as the seasoned buckskin-clad Indian scout who has to lead the survivors to safety. This United Artists western was lensed in color but the TV print that Turner Classic Movies aired was inexplicably in black & white.<br /><br />The action opens with Adam Reed (Rory Calhoun of Black Spurs) eluding several Indians and riding up to palaver with his old friend and Cheyenne chief Fire Knife (Lee Van Cleef of The Good The Bad and the Ugly) who has killing on his mind. Fire Knife warns Adam that his Cheyenne braves are poised to wipe out a nearby cavalry fort under construction because it violates a treaty that the Indians made with the government. On his way to inform stuck-up camp commandant Major Ives (Warner Anderson of Objective Burma!)about the impending Indian attack Adam discovers a beautiful wood nymph seductively treading water in a lake. Katherine Kate Bolden (Peggy Castle of I Jury) is another of those silly women in westerns that bathe nude in the middle of Indian country without a care in the world. Castle appears to be genuinely nude in her bathing scenes too perhaps the most memorable scene of all in this otherwise predictable western. Naturally Major Ives dismisses Adams warning from Fire Knife until the commander realizes that somebody has raided his ammunition dump far outside the fort. This is one of the many questions that the Richard Alan Simmons screenplay leaves unanswered in this trim 82-minute oater. Why would the cavalry bury their ammunition at a secret spot in the desert rather than keep it on the premises in the fort? No sooner have they made this discovery than the Indians attack knock out of hero and leave him as the only survivor. Before this attack a pair of white prospectors rides into the fort. Sawyer (Peter Graves of Stalag 17) brings in his partner with an arrow in his chest. While Adam is getting hot water to help in removing the arrow the greedy Sawyer grinds the shaft in deeper and kills his helpless partner. Later we learn that Sawyer and his partner had struck gold. The question of the dispersal of the gold is also left unanswered after our heroes survive the ordeal. Adam and Fire Knife have one final pow-wow and Fire Knife demands that Adam hand over Major Ives or everybody will die. Naturally Adam refuses and the Indians begin to whittle down the whites. James Best in a supporting role as a cavalryman gets an arrow in the back for his efforts. Noah Beery Jr. plays a aimable Mexican scout pursued by a sexy Indian damsel appropriately named Honey Bear (Oscar-winning actress Rita Moreno of West Side Story) and Robert Bray of Lassie fame is on hand briefly as the ill-fated cavalry officer that Kate had planned to marry. <br /><br />The biggest surprise in this unremarkable western shot on location in Kanab Utah is that the evil cavalry officer Ives who slaughtered Indian men women and children at the infamous Sand Creek Massacre has been keeping a secret that he is a Native American too! Ironically the taut bow that Fire Knife gives out of friendship to Adam at the outset of the hostilities is what our heroic scout uses to kill the stalwart Cheyenne warrior after he has run out of bullets. The Yellow Tomahawk concludes on an ambiguous note. The survivors reach another outpost Fort Ellis where Adam and Ives furnish their respective reports about the issue to an army general but we never learn the outcome of this meeting. Is this artistic ambiguity or yet another unanswered question. Producer Howard W. Koch is no relation to Casablanca scenarist Howard Koch. Ultimately The Yellow Tomahawk is one of many pro-Indian westerns that appeared in the aftermath of Broken Arrow (1950) where the Native American is viewed as a noble savage unjustly treated by some but not all whites. Selander who made dozens of westerns during the 1950s and the 1960s makes this minor western tolerable despite its thin characters and familiar predicament. Calhoun stands out of an above-average cast as the always serviceable leading man and good looking Castle is worth watching for her feminine charms. Peter Graves plays a skunk as was usual in most of his early roles. Actually Lesley Selander did a more satisfactory dramatic version of this movie the year before called War Paint (1953) with Robert Stack. Incidentally Noah Beery Jr. and Rita Moreno both went on to become regulars on The Rockford Files.',neg

'Intelligent summary isnt it?<br /><br />If Mad Max was something of a simple straight forward nothing special but nothing wrong either kinda film they totally made up for it with its sequel The Road Warrior. So in theory with a third great film it wouldve been a great trilogy... now its not!<br /><br />Such a huge disappointment Beyond Thunderdome was! Its main premise is pretty cool with an underworld (think a mix between Metropolis and The Time Machine) but it all isnt carried out with too much conviction. Add the obnoxious Tina Turner and the no good story-line of the people waiting for a plane and this is just one huge stinker.<br /><br />Maybe they can brighten things up again with part 4 (although that one is just probably gonna be 1 huge budget-explosion kinda thing) because this just isnt right.<br /><br />3/10.',neg

'This movie is more like a music video. Kusturica said in an interview from 2004 that when he is making movies he feels like making music and when he is making music he feels like making movies. The best thing in Promise me this is the music written by Stribor Kusturica.<br /><br />Kusturica said in the same interview that for him the dialogues in the movies are like noise. Promise me this has very little noise.<br /><br />I liked Life is a miracle. It was also like music video for the first 30 minutes and at some points later but it had a beautiful plot. Promise me this has no plot. I was awaiting this movie with big expectations because Ive read that the script has been written by Ranko Bozic - one of my favourite scriptwriters who participated also in Life is a miracle. Ranko Bozic writes great dialogues but for Kusturica they are noise and much to my regret I saw only two dialogues which I could identify as written by Ranko Bozic. The other part of the script was used by the director for making his chaotic music video for the music of his son Stribor.<br /><br />Gordan Mihic (the man who wrote the scripts for Time of the gypsies and Black cat white cat) said in an interview that Kusturica never follows the script. Black cat white cat was the only script for which Kusturica said that he will not touch it. According to Gordan Mihic after all Kusturica comes back to the script and if he doesnt he doesnt make a good movie. And I think this is the case with Promise me this. He should have followed the script of Ranko Bozic.<br /><br />Promise me this is billed as a comedy but there are very few moments which made me laugh. The comedic moments are in the same style as Black cat white cat but are not that funny at all. I think the difference comes from the fact that Black cat white cat was written by Gordan Mihic.<br /><br />However I know some people who liked Promise me this they find it very positive movie.',neg

'Whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie obviously never consulted any books about Lucille Ball especially her autobiography. Ive never seen so many mistakes in a biopic ranging from her early years in Celoron and Jamestown to her later years with Desi. I could write a whole list of factual errors but it would go on for pages. In all I believe that Lucille Ball is one of those inimitable people who simply cannot be portrayed by anyone other than themselves. If I were Lucie Arnaz and Desi Jr. I would be irate at how many mistakes were made in this film. The filmmakers tried hard but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me.',neg

'Wild Rebels was probably a fun second film at a drive in movie triple feature 40 years ago. It hasnt aged very well but it was never meant to age well; it was obviously intended to be disposable forgettable fun from its inception. Taken on that level its a good example of the biker flick genre.<br /><br />Several elements help distinguish it from the dozens of similar films being churned out at the same time. The hero Rod Tillman (Steve Alaimo) comes off as somewhat of an unimpressive Everyman - hes not especially brave tough talented or handsome (although he does win a fight with a tough biker gang member halfway into the film and the girl gang member chooses to help him over her fellow gang member at the end of the film). The soundtrack is quite well done featuring a nice Ventures style bass/drum riff that keeps things moving and saxophones and brass charts that pep things up quite a bit. And although the script is pretty shallow all the actors inhabit their cardboard characters convincingly and with a fair amount of energy.<br /><br />There are plenty of careless technical gaffes: terrible day-for-night scenes that occur in broad daylight squealing tires in a swamp fire sirens mistakenly stuck on the soundtrack instead of police sirens a bank sign made of duct tape on a ceiling tile a Luger that sounds like a Winchester 30-06 shotgun blasts that cut down people 100 yards away a detective killing a biker on a 3rd floor landing from the ground with a revolver with a 2 inch barrel.<br /><br />There are a whole bunch of goofy story elements : Linda (the girl gang member) disables a bank guard with a drug-filled syringe the final shootout takes place inside a lighthouse (!) police roadblocks dont actually block roads the police apparently never heard of ducking and the police detectives apparently never heard of planting bugs or having their undercover guy wearing a wire.<br /><br />But the plot chugs along the cameraman knows what he is doing the pacing in most scenes is pretty good and there are some nice zippy one liners and dialog exchanges here and there that keep the energy level up. (My favorite: Man youre messing with private stock! (ie Linda) So no dont seek this one out or anything but if a copy of the MST version should fall in your hands you should have some good shallow fun watching it. Vastly superior to Five the Hard Way or The Hellcats or even Girl In Gold Boots (three other MST covered counter culture movies).',neg

'Most italian horror lovers seem to hate this movie since because it has no connection to the first two Demons films. And with the Demons III in the title one would assume it would. The problem is that this film was never intended to be part of the Demons series. The distributors only a Demons III above its original title The Ogre to cash in on the other films popularity. The new American DVD release of this picture has the title Demons III: The Ogre on the box art but the film itself only says The Ogre. I dont know if past releases had the title Demons III on the actual film itself but this new release just seems to be a little white lie. If you can get past the Demons III in the title you might some enjoyment in The Ogre. It starts out with a creep intro and stays pretty creep throughout. Theres no gore and the film movies slowly but I still dug it. Just dont expect it to be like the other Demons films. I give The Ogre 7 out of 10. Italian fans should try it out.',pos

'Maybe like most others who have seen this film long after its premiere on television I wanted to see many of my favorite actors in old and obscure form which is exactly what Slow Burn is. Except aside from the nostalgic value the movie itself is not very good.<br /><br />Eric Roberts plays former reporter Jacob Ash hired by a Gerald McMurty (Raymond J. Barry) a rich artist to investigate the whereabouts of his estranged son Brian who had been living with his mother Laine (Beverly DAngelo) for the past few years. In a Phillip Marlowe-esquire fashion Jacob Ash narrates what would become more than just an investigation into the whereabouts of Brian. But once Jacob tracks down Laine his discoveries break open wide a whole lot of trouble. Perhaps because events in the film move too slowly there is never much suspense to this little thriller not even by the end with the finale routine of revealing the culprits and their motives.<br /><br />However as said before this movie is probably one that will draw attention for its then-relatively unknown cast of actors which include both a very young Eric Roberts as well as the adorable Johnny Depp who plays Laines stepson Donnie. That may be reason enough to give it a try...if you can find it.',neg

'Jack Black and Kyle Gass play fantasy versions of themselves in this comic showcase for their side-band Tenacious D an art-rock outfit with satirical barbed lyrics. An ex-runaway obsessed with heavy metal and a beachfront-living pot-smoking slacker who pretends hes a rock god meet and form a band (the birthmarks on both their butt-cheeks form the groups moniker). Opening with a funny prologue which apes a Twisted Sister video from the 80s The Pick of Destiny is a fairly well-produced movie aimed at older kids; it occasionally resembles nothing more than a middle-aged variation of Waynes World with jokey-stoner interludes and a climactic bout with Beelzebub himself yet Black and Gass have an enormously comfortable rapport (they also acted as producers co-wrote the script and all the music). The target audience will obviously go for it though inspiration is a bit low particularly in the second-half (just about the time our heroes impulsively outrun the cops in a student-driver car). The music sequences are far more successful than the attempts at movie satire and for the first thirty minutes or so Jack Blacks manic enthusiasm is infectious. *1/2 from ****',neg

'The story told by The Cranes are Flying is not admittedly all that original. Young lovers are separated by war; bad things happen to both. Weve seen it many times before.<br /><br />Nonetheless we havent seen it filmed this well with bold shots that take liberties to emphasize separation or destruction or hopelessness. All the more remarkable coming from the Soviet Union and reason to conclude that Tarkovsky is not the last word in modern-era Soviet cinema.<br /><br />I was reading Chekhovs Three Sisters the other day and chanced upon what may be the meaning of the title of this film. In Act 2 Masha objects to the notion that we must live our lives without meaning or understanding:<br /><br />MASHA: Surely mankind must believe in something or at least seek for the truth otherwise life is just emptiness emptiness. To live and not to know why the cranes are flying why children are born why there are stars in the sky. Either you must know why it is you live or everything is trivial - mere pointless nonsense.<br /><br />Likewise Veronika has a hard time believing that the war and her and others sufferings have been pointless. Better to assign a meaning to live as if ones life is significant and not to give in to despair. It is perhaps this thinking that prompts her to her final act in the film.<br /><br />BTW as a minor correction to one other comment here--there may be a pattern of Vs in the film though I hadnt noticed them myself. But the first letter of Veronikas name is not a further instance of this; in the Cyrillic alphabet her name begins with a letter which looks like an English B.',pos

'Geez as a Gay man who lives in NYC I can gratefully say that I have never seen the underbelly of Gay Culture that is portrayed in this film - and I am glad of it!!! Was this film broadcast on TV across the United States there would be a great anti-Gay backlash and I cannot say that I would blame them. The people in this film do not represent the average Gay American or even the average Trandgender American what they do represent is a sheer and utter nightmare. The inclusion of obviously underage characters is appalling and the obvious racist sentiments (anti-White) are blatant and unsettling - society cannot be blamed for people who have chosen drugs unemployment and rejection of education on the part of the films cast - the actions of these people are not acts of desperation but rather a rejection of anything resembling personal ambition and a willingness to make something out of ones self.',neg

'SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT ILLOGICAL MORALLY DISTURBING<br /><br />The movie was distributed in Italy as Seven Souls. I was curious about the original title and after some research I found out that it refers to Shakespeares Merchant of Venice where the usurer Shylock makes a terrible bond with the merchant Antonio who will have to give him a pound of his flesh in case he is not able to repay his debt. Whereas the Italian translation makes Bens plan something deeply human characterized by human sympathy the original one though cultivated enough to remain unperceived by anyone makes it just in its reference to the flesh something cold rational deep-rooted in the physical side of man. Unfortunately I think that the real quality of Bens plan is revealed by the original title: ita a cold machination aimed at donating parts of his body but lacking any authentic human empathy at least the audience is not given the chance to see or perceive any pure relation of souls within the whole movie. The only exception is the love-story with the girl which seems to be a sort of non-programmed incident to which Ben yields but incapable of conveying true emotional involvement. I really didnt like the idea at the core of the movie: the idea that a person however devoured by the pain for the death of his beloved and of other people he himself has caused takes the resolute decision to expiate his sense of guilt through suicide: besides being improbable it makes no sense. I would have liked and I think it would have been more positive if in the end Ben had decided to abandon the idea of committing suicide and go on living thus helping those same people and maybe many more just standing near them and helping them through his presence. He wouldnt have saved their lives miraculously of course: this would have probably caused more suffering but I think it could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to Gods creation in seven days (which by the way according to the Bible are six!): what does it mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart-disease which prevents her from running and even from singing without feeling bad who can have normal sex with a man who feeling as it should be destroyed by the death of his wife and having donated organs and pieces of his body doesnt seem to feel so much tried both emotionally and physically from his impaired condition? The movie is saved by good acting but all the rest is pure nonsense not only from a logical point of view but also from a human and emotional one.',neg

'This movie was o.k. but it could have been much better. There are some spooky moments but there arent enough of them to make me ever want to see this movie again. There are some scenes you could fast forward through & not miss anything. The biggest flaw is that it is so predictable & that is the reason why I rated it so low. Its watchable but dont expect anything great.',neg

'College students (who are actually in their late 20s) on campus in Boston (which looks strangely like the Isle Of Man) are menaced by a fierce monster (assembled during a Blue Peter episode). The new teacher must save the day (Even though he is really... Oh who cares?)<br /><br />Ill start with the positives... there is a nice shot of Eastenders new gal Samantha Januss can in the obligatory campus shower scene with her best mate Katy Lawrence. A bit of side trivia: Katy was hired when she arrived at auditions with her sister just as moral support to her sibling but ended up landing a part. Oh joy. Picked from obscurity to... flash her pert buttocks in a meaningless scene added for titillation then getting killed 30 minutes in for her troubles. Her latest (and only other credited role) is as Probationary Nurse #5 in Atonement. I wonder if she snuck a look at Keira Knightly (if extras and stars are allowed to mix) and wondered: where did it all go wrong?!<br /><br />Ill give a few hints Katy: If all the other British cast members are asked to speak with American accents in a doomed attempt at mass-marketing and the only person who can manage it is the B-movie veteran USA native Todd Jensen you know youre in trouble. If you look at your wage slip and itll only just about cover your lunch and your bus ride home you aint starring in a movie with a trillion dollar budget. If the premiere is attended by loads of family members of the fourth assistant director and provokes gales of laughter when the Stickyback tape monster rampages through the sewers it should dawn on you that this isnt exactly Alien. Or even a Critters IV come to think of it. So Katy in your next life (Im a Buddhist you see) perhaps youll be a bit more selective in your choice of debut feature rather than impulsively jumping at the first pile of crap that heads your way. Flashing skin in your first movie does not guarantee long lasting success. Unless youre Sylvester Stallone. And he had the script to Rocky to back him up.<br /><br />To all intents and purposes this is as 0/10 a movie as Ive ever seen. However for sheer unintentional laughs and pure camp value it gets a 1. Well done ;)',neg

'I should have known when I heard Anne Rice left the project that the movie would disappoint me. I couldnt have predicted that years after its release just thinking about the movie still makes me angry. The novels are amazing and while I understand much gets lost in the translation to screen this movie was a great big middle finger to her original work. I hope one day someone tries again the right way starting with The Vampire Lestat. They change the roles and looks of major and minor characters alike for no good reason. They destroy Lestats history. The acting of the Queen is exaggerated to the point of comedy but I just cant bring myself to laugh. The charm and allure of the novels just isnt there. The movie is a bad excuse to cram as many musicians and dark imagery as possible into one movie hoping the teeny Goths of America would lap it up. Part of the appeal of the first movie of Louis story is that he is caught between his humanity and his curse. Lestat is supposed to take over and display the magic and excitement of the vampire world. Thank goodness I read the books first or Id have never touched them after this movie.',neg

'<br /><br />The kind of movie that demands too much from the audience yet to disappoint most of them. I think of the Mexican people who (either in an attempt to support Mexican movies or willing to see a film casting top Mexican stars) saw it half of the people went out of the theater when I went to watch it its definitely not the kind of movie one could expect. I think too of the people from other countries who dared spending 2 hours seeing it till the very end what a piece of crap. In order to understand Cronica de un desayuno one has to be mexican and one has to be familiar with the low middle classes (or even better be part of them). Theres nothing accidental in this movie the family is and has what many families in Mexico at least share. One has to see it with a wide open mind to accept it entirely its not the kind of movie that you fully understand after you watch it. The older brother wouldnt let anyone sit on his RED couch the sister is staying no matter how she wants to leave the younger brother is going to an excursion and all he cares about is the yellow radio the mother has to prepare the breakfast for the family no matter how tense and unbearable the situation is. The father came back after who knows how long allowing the mother to live a night of passion that somehow turns out to be momentary and ends up by repeating all the attitudes of his sons... The stories around the house are surrealistic (and so is the movie) a travestite looking for his penis a factory worker and his attempt of suicide subtled by the kisses of his girlfriend a fat man riding his bicycle after a interesting conversation about homosexuals with his sister? wife? mother?... The music doesnt pretend too much but it achieves a lot not more than a snare drum cymbal a some strings. Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.<br /><br />One of the best mexican movies ever! and one of the less understood even by mexican themselves no matter how identified the should have felt with it.<br /><br />',pos

'This show was crap when it first came on. The first actress that played the daughter didnt fit the role the writing was hit or miss and Damon Wayans CLEARLY wasnt comfortable doing such a cornball family friendly show. The chemistry between himself and Tisha Cambell (theyre long time friends as are all of the Wayans clan with Tishas husband and Will Smith and Jada Pinkett) DID work so they retooled the show. Once it returned they recast the daughter made the son much dumber (a la Eric from Boy Meets World)and made the youngest daughter into a genius...(later they gave her a little genius boyfriend to do comedic guest appearances). The show while if often rollercoasters from over the top buffoonery to being corny walks the line enough to keep it as a show that you can see Damon Wayans be comfortable in his own skin on the set (especially since the main writers directors and consultants were ALL members of the Wayans family) AND in his character. Once everyone had been on the show for a while they worked to everyone in the casts strengths and were able to make a consistently funny show on the air.<br /><br />However there is TOO MUCH buffoonery too many over the top antics and oftentimes too much chaos happening in the life of the Kyle family. They made Junior TOO STUPID they also made the eldest daughter an attractive clumsy idiot from time to time and the youngest daughter wasnt even spared by the writers. I feel they jumped the shark and signed the shows death warrant when Junior got his girlfriend pregnant she moved in and he married her and her parents were introduced (Juniors wifes fathers character makes me WINCE just thinking about him). The show remained funny...but it was a UPN show on ABC if that makes any sense to the reader.<br /><br />The reruns are funny enough but Im relieved its over...there was nowhere left to go with it. When its bad its REALLY BAD. It tends to be cornball at times but at least he was a black man who had a sitcom make it to syndication on a major network..Who can say that for themselves now? (Given the CW merger and the brownout on TV networks lately that is). One.',pos

'Just watched this movie and its not bad; there are a few tense moments and not a lot of long dialog strings. Comes off as fairly intelligent; fastpaced almost like documentary style. This movie will evoke some nostalgia and a bit of cold war paranoia with carsstreet scenesand life in the 50s. The acting is fairly solid and at 85 minutes run time it goes by at a good pace. An atomic era film buff shouldnt miss this one.',pos

'I could not even bring myself to watch this movie to the end. I cannot comment on the story as I did not watch the whole film and the reason I couldnt watch it was because of the actors. Firstly for the most part they just looked stiff and Im sure their scripts were in their hands just out of frame - but thats a minor issue. The main issue I have with the actors isnt really their fault... its whoever cast this film! Come on this movie came out in 2003... I thought that casting people in their late twenties to play teenagers went out of fashion with new wave?! I cannot watch a movie where one of the first lines from a grown man older than myself is Im 17! How can anyone take that seriously????? Dont fall victim to this movie go out for a walk for 90 minutes and youll get far more than this movie could ever give.',neg

'This film is totally unbelievable. The only way a girl would perform this act on a dog is if she had serious mental health issues or had a long history of sexual abuse or was under duress. Yet we are asked to believe that an otherwise normal healthy female just got a bit bored and made a little mistake and oops had a sexual encounter with a dog. Whats more it never had any detrimental affect on her ever again except when she tells someone.<br /><br />Not she was raped by a dog or the dog did something she couldnt resist - she actively initiated oral sex and completed this activity with a pet dog of her own choice. She wasnt on drugs or anything she just felt like it.<br /><br />The rest of the film seeks to put this action in a light of hey it could happen to anyone shes only being honest.<br /><br />But really for this to be believed we have to believe that this is a woman who is capable of doing absolutely ANYTHING if she just feels like it. Think about it - could she have considered the rights and wrongs of this action before carrying it out? If she had she would have stopped in her tracks. Human beings have instinctive boundaries for reasons. If we are now to start considering bestiality as a cute little aberration what is next? Child abuse? Yet the heroine is portrayed as a hard done by nice girl who had one moment of aberration. If she had been forced to carry out this act by an abuser - the story might have made more sense and I would have been able to accept the storyline. But there is no way that anyone carries out the prolonged activity required and referred to even once - if there is not some deep disturbance that requires a great deal of psychiatric help. This is NO WAY a one off happening in an otherwise perfect life.<br /><br />I know this is just a film but it is through normalising behaviour such as this via the media that society becomes desensitised and more and more awful realities become possible.<br /><br />I could imagine an abuser showing this to a child to persuade them that it isnt such a big deal and then moving on with their agenda. It could also be used by an abuser to underline to a child not to tell about the abuse - because look how people will react to you if you do.<br /><br />This is not about truth. The director WANTS people to think its about truth. This is about degradation and how easily people (the viewing public)can be manipulated into accepting the most appalling concepts if wrapped up in the right way. The watching public are being manipulated degraded and laughed at.<br /><br />This is a film in which the actors and the viewers are being humiliated and made fools of in a very sophisticated way by a clever but extremely disturbed film writer.<br /><br />This film appears to me to be being used as a vehicle for the creator of the film to get off on the excitement of playing with your mind in an abusive manner. I dont know whether it is conscious on their part - but it is the most classic example of Mind F***k that I have ever encountered.<br /><br />I hope that this doesnt offend anyone too much. But if you watched this film - I dont think there is any room left to be offended by anything any more.',neg

'Watching Midnight Cowboy is like taking a masterclass in acting/ directing/ cinematography/ editing/ writing. I was too young to watch it when it was originally released and only saw it for the first time a couple of years ago but it has absolutely stood the test of time and I have watched it several times since. <br /><br />Everything about this film is brilliant from the poignant performances from Voight and Hoffman (even though I know this movie well I still find myself welling up every time Voight flashes one of his innocently pained looks or Hoffman coughs in his sickly and ominous way) to the stunning cinematography and superbly edited dream sequences. <br /><br />Its a shame that more of our contemporary filmmakers arent prepared to take a risk on making movies that are as visually and aurally interesting as this one. Midnight cowboy should be required viewing at all film schools. <br /><br />10/10',pos

'A frustrating documentary. Louis Kahns son who saw his father only minimally during his childhood because he was a member of just one of the three separate families his father had created takes on the task of trying to learn more about his father through an exploration of his architecture and his life. It sounds like a great idea for a documentary but it ends up flat and uninteresting.<br /><br />Sadly the basic problem is that Kahns son Nathaniel is not just one of the films protagonists --- he is also director writer producer interviewer and narrator. Nathaniel seems both too inexperienced and possibly too close to the material to function well in any of these roles. Further while he seems like a nice enough guy he doesnt have much screen presence so the fact that he is the only constant in the film becomes wearing. <br /><br />Nathaniel also comes across as an unprepared and amateurish interviewer --- there are several points where an interviewee makes an interesting or provocative statement and the camera cuts to a shot of Nathaniel offering little more than a blank stare and a sort of timid uh-huh as if hes a little panicked that hes going to have to come up with something to say in response. At times I felt embarrassed watching people who might have had truly interesting things to say about Kahn (or at least better things to do with their time) seeming to realize that they were in the hands of an interviewer who was going to rely on them to direct the conversation. <br /><br />Nathaniels dual role as both documentarian and lost son seem to do more to hurt the film than help. One senses that some of the interviewees are a little reluctant to really open up about negative aspects of Kahns personality and career presumably because its not clear from Nathaniel whether hes looking to dig into the truth or simply wants to hear nice stories about his Dad -- preferably ones that will confirm his hope that his Dad really did care more for Nathaniel and his mother than seems likely. His passive approach as an interviewer may stem directly from this conflict. The only person Nathaniel does push is his own mother but those conversations tend to feel a little like bad teen drama (Arent you ANGRY Mom?) and dont offer much in terms of helping us (or Nathaniel) understand Kahn or the loyalty he evoked from those around him. <br /><br />What the film desperately lacks is shaping by an experienced and independent hand not to exclude Nathaniel but to balance his subjectivity and inexperience. An independent director could have stood away from the material given more thought to what the interviewees could contribute and one hopes cut out those portions of the documentary process that just dont work such as the weird segment with the guy who claims to have see Kahn die (which made it look as if Nathaniel was just being taken in by some loony) or the entire bit about hooking up with Kahns first cousin who had nothing to add about Kahn or Nathaniel. Too many times Nathaniel makes us watch him standing in or near a Kahn building buttonholing strangers to tell them that his father was the designer. (Ahhh huh. Thaaats nice sir. UmmI gotta go now.) I understand why these things might be important to Nathaniel and that showing the documentary process is sometimes interesting but this is one of those examples of when a documentary can be TOO personal.<br /><br />As an aside I thought the score written for the film was great! (But one of the oddest moments in the entire thing for me was when during the tour of the Kimball Art Museum the voice-over quotes Kahn as making a comparison between architecture and Beethovens Fifth Symphony. The music being played at the same time? Beethovens NINTH Symphony. A mistake? A miscue? Who knows? It did make me laugh.) <br /><br />Kahn was a great architect and its clear that he was an unusual human being and had an intriguing life story. Theres definitely a good documentary to be made about him. One is sympathetic to Nathaniels search for the father he didnt know but Im not sure whether THAT is an interesting story. Neither works so well in this film.',neg

'Walking with Cavemen hosted by Alec Baldwin is a look back at all the hominid (thats us!) species of the past 5 million years: who they were what they were like and how they died out. Along with being a very interesting scientific look at the information we have on these species Walking with Cavemen also examines what it is that makes us human. I waited several weeks to watch this and I was not disappointed.',pos

'Silly comedy casts an embarrassed-seeming Ray Milland as a British officer in World War II Europe escaping German confines and taking up with a man-hungry gypsy woman played by Marlene Dietrich. Slowly-paced overlong and miscast: the leads are far too old for this type of juvenile fodder although Marlene shines in her solo moments. It took three scriptwriters to adapt Yolanda Foldes book for the screen but this material must have already seemed dated by 1947--it smacks of something Ernst Lubitsch might have turned out in 1939. The scenario is musty and the stars have absolutely no chemistry together. ** from ****',neg

'Kevin Spacey is my favorite actor of all time he is without a doubt on others lists as well when it comes to great actors. He even pulled off a good Irish accent in Ordinary Decent Criminal as well. But Kevin Spacey as a Mafia leader? Or even a burglar? Im not so sure he could go that far. The movie to me just didnt make any sense and the some of the story just didnt feel solved to me.<br /><br />I know once again that IMDb is going to make me write ten more lines. But Im not so sure on what I could say about this movie because I am still trying to figure it out. Silly isnt it? But Im pretty sure that more than a few of you IMDb users have been in the same predicament as I am in right now where you just want to say a line or two about a movie but now you have to do ten lines? Wow that should do it. :D <br /><br />3/10',neg

'Absolute Beginners was a film for the younger generation a multi-time film that discussed the issues that teens were facing in Britain and how these troubled constantly hitting each note teens problems can relate to the youth of tomorrow. It could have been dubbed the Moulin Rouge of the 80s but it disappeared. It made its very shallow mark on the world snuck under the radar and can now be found collecting dust at either the musical section the comedy section or the politically obscure section of that seedy video store that doesnt need chain money to survive. Alas that wasnt where I found it  but I found it watched it tried my hardest to sing along with it stared into Bowies eyes but found myself faded by the end. Did it not survive the test of time? Is 1950s London too far removed from our current society? Is Bowie too creepy? I think Absolute Beginners falls somewhere into each of these questions as the perfect example of cinema that starts out with a bang but withers to a mere sparkle by the end.<br /><br />Absolute Beginners opens with a huge number that takes us through the non-gritty streets of London which involve theft nightly prostitutes on every corner dance throughout booze like rivers and the swankiest ties on nearly every individual. Sounds like a place we would all hate to be  right? Director Julien Temple keeps the mood light and flashy throughout most of the songs as we attempt to learn something about a plethora of our main characters. The one we follow most is Colin played by Eddie OConnell who follows his dreams of being a photographer while shooting his favorite girl Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry and while Suzette looks like a pre-rehab Lohan to me they worked. There was a huge spark between them the chemistry was like lava and I believed that these two could take me down a road I had never traveled. I was ready  but then something happened. Temple takes us out of the nightlife takes us out of the city we grew up with at the beginning and completely reverses the roles without any dedication to the first. Suzette runs away Colin becomes a pervert and Bowie  well  I am not quite sure what his role is but he sings amazingly well while climbing a mountain  I can tell you that much. Temple gives us this flashy city this opportunity to see those that inhabit it but leaves us hanging high and dry when it is time to pull the trigger. We learn about Colin mainly but nobody else. I could probably watch this film again and still be equally confused as to whom is angry at whom and what importance fashion had to that era. Also were they teens really  they all seemed like they were pushing their late 20s but maybe it was my TV.<br /><br />Character development thrown right out the door Temple tries to overcompensate by giving us bigger more lavish songs using even more characters that we know nothing about. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this thought as a prime example. Temple uses a split house to show us the lives of Colins parents (of which I didnt know it was them until after the film) and a song which screams apathy. Great song too many characters not enough time suddenly dragged into another scene of missing coherency and it just falls apart in your hands. Then if that wasnt enough we are rocking our heads to the beat of some great songs rubbing our noggin trying to understand where our characters are or are going and Temple throws in hatred anger and politics into the final act. While I was hoping that this film would have a dedicated theme I didnt think racism would be on the top of the bill. Suddenly friends are missing people are angry and there is some random guy running around fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race? Somebody help me out here. It seemed completely rushed and overwhelming  nearly to the point of wanting to turn the film off. To me the ending of Absolute Beginners was nowhere near the excitement from the opening number. That first part set the pace and Temple could not keep up.<br /><br />Overall I must say that Temple can direct a music video but I dont think he was quite prepared for the feature film. I dont think this film will ever make it into full cult status and will probably remain unremembered or in the dollar bin for years to come. It is a fun film to watch initially but when we get to that final part it just explodes from the inside. I wanted some cutting edge work but instead what I found was a freaky Bowie coupled with characters I cared nothing for. I could see how this film could relate to the youth of the 80s but by the end it just felt forced. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and listened to Motivation by the ever-freaky Bowie in this film it may have helped solidify this feature into better cult status. I am glad that I watched this film once but that is all that my small brain can take. I loved the way that Temple caught me from the beginning but he couldnt control his characters (way too many) and the songs didnt seem to match the final moments of the film. It came out of nowhere and it was unwelcomed. If this was a film about racism it needed to be from the beginning. Absolute Beginners was a welcomed adventure but I dont think I will be dusting this film off in the future.<br /><br />Grade: ** out of *****',neg

'Richard Schickels 1991 documentary about Gary Cooper - Gary Cooper: American Life American Legend gives us a look at the tremendous all-American star through his films and his life. Narrated by Clint Eastwood the theme is definitely Gary Coooper American as we are taken through fast clips of his many appearances in westerns and scenes from Meet John Doe Mr. Deeds Goes to Town and Sgt. York. The best part of the documentary is the home movies of Cooper and his family as well as his childhood photos showing him as a beautiful blonde kid with the sunny smile he would have his entire life. There is also a hilarious clip of Cooper on The Jack Benny Show doing the comeback on the number Bird Dog - and Benny loses it. The documentary also takes us briefly through his tumultuous affair with Patricia Neal which nearly ruined both their lives.<br /><br />Theres a certain cohesiveness missing from this bio/retrospective - it jumps around a lot and has no footage of Cooper being interviewed which would have added a lot. Also Clint Eastwoods narration was described as unobtrusive. What it was was boring and monotone. Given that Cooper himself tended to be the strong silent type on screen we could have used a little animation.<br /><br />On a personal note Gary Cooper was one of the handsomest men who ever lived - there were some looks at him in his early films but not nearly enough for this fan. That smile those lips that bone structure - he was handsome throughout his life but in films like Morocco and Desire he is devastating. Instead of sitting through a scene from one of his worst performances as Howard Roark in The Fountainhead giving a speech that he admitted to the author he did not understand - a young suave Cooper in a tux would have been a nice touch. This documentary alas was definitely produced by a man.',pos

'Chuck Joness Hare Conditioned is a fast paced often hilarious cartoon. Pitting Bugs Bunny against a strange yellow-skinned apartment store manager who wants to have him stuffed Hare Conditioned takes full advantage of its multi-purpose setting. The chase takes Bugs and his pursuer through a variety of departments leading to an inspired gag in which they quickly emerge from various departments wearing whatever clothes are associated with that part of the store. This great gag is trumped however by a truly inspired sequence involving elevators in which Bugs disguised as an elevator boy tricks the store manager into relentlessly getting on or off elevators at the wrong time. Its a brilliant climactic set piece which unfortunately gives way to a not very funny final gag. By that time however Hare Conditioned has made its mark as one of the great chase films bursting with wild energy. As Bugs was becoming more refined in some of the other cartoons from this period Hare Conditioned showed that he could still be just as appealing as a more anarchic character.',pos

'Did anyone else notice whenever they are in the car each time the camera takes a new angle they switch roads. Like in one scene it is a one lane residential with sidewalks next they are on a multiple lane highway with a divider next a two lane country road with double yellow lanes. I can understand a low budget but that was just sloppy film work.<br /><br />I also read the other reviews and disagree that it was a bad movie. I think that if you are a fan of Paul Reiser and his comedy then you may enjoy this movie. If however you find his work/not funny then I would recommend staying away from this one.',neg

'Definitely one of funny man Eddie Murphys lesser films is this nonsense about a kidnapped mystical child three hundred year old dragons and a Chosen One.<br /><br />Murphy is the Chosen One in question and as the opening song suggests he is the best man in the world. A finder of lost and missing children he is approached by a mysterious Tibetan woman (Charlotte Lewis) who tells him he is The Chosen One and that it is his destiny to find and rescue The Golden Child. For if the child were to die compassion would die with him as he is the bearer of compassion.<br /><br />If all this hocus pocus rubbish hasnt ruined it for you now it surely will once the movie begins. Suffice to say the plot is abominable and destroys the whole film. Meant to be another vehicle for Murphys egotistical brand of humour (the comedy isnt so great mind you) the movie fails on many levels. Even Charles Dance as the evil Sardo Numspa cant do much for proceedings. Very silly and disappointing.<br /><br />Sunday December 12 1993 - T.V.',neg

'I pulled down a VHS box from my vast collection - many unseen - and picked out a movie based on the box art I thought would be fun and yes bad. Prison had that 80s cheesy look all over that box. I sat down and watched and lo! and behold! found that sometimes we do indeed sit down to a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. Fortunately I reversed mine quickly and soon realized I was sitting down not just to an okay film but a rather good movie in total. Prison tells the story of an old dilapidated prison being reopened to save on budgetary concerns. It looks creepy as all empty and filled with prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The story using the prison as its central setting tells in a prologue of a man being killed via the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - tearing away a Crucifix before sending the man to his Maker. We then go to present day first with a government board at a meeting deciding to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor in to make sure that conditions are acceptable as she campaigned vigorously against re-opening the old prison. Then we see the new warden Lane Smith haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison he has not been to in years. Well the rest follows suit: prisoners and guards arrive with plenty of stereotypes abounding. We are given some character depth and several of the prisoners are interesting characters. The acting is better than one might expect with Lane Smith doing as always a workmanlike job. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner being solid. Tom Everett Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane really exploring the boundaries of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is okay as the female lead. The best performance is by Lincoln Kilpatrick an underrated character actor as Cresus - a prisoner who had been in that very same prison years ago when the man had been executed with some kind of terrible secret. Prison is not the next best thing to sliced bread or anything like that but it is definitely worth a look and definitely better than most would expect from it. I was pleasantly surprised at the way director Renny Harlin created a story so visually atmospheric. The film has a tense taut pace and Harlin knows how to build his scenes. There are a few excessively shot gore scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a bit much as was the one with all the pipes. But these scenes are visually creative and interesting. The acting is uniformly decent. The script actually much more cohesive than one usually gets from films like these. That may in part be credited to Irwin Yablans who wrote the story. You may remember he came up with the idea of making Halloween scary as a holiday. Here he makes incarceration a hell of a lot more scarier than it already is. Give Prison a break(get it).',pos

'When I went to the video rental store back in the days when DVD was yet next to unknown to me I had seen all the movies at the store that I was interested in. Or so I thought! The man behind the counter told me he had something for me that I definitely would like. He gave me Plunkett and MacLeane. At first I doubted it to be any good but I trusted his advise and... man I sure am happy I did take this jewel along! This is one of the best adventure movies in years if you ask me! Of course with Robert Carlyle as a major part how bad can a movie get? Surely Liv Tyler does once more what shes good at and nothing much more: being pretty. But still you can very clearly sense that the cast apparently had a lot of fun making this movie.',pos

'Everybody seems to compare this to The Matrix and The 13th Floor and when I first saw it I would have agreed -- I was expecting The Matrix and was a little disappointed. But upon repeated viewings my respect for this movie has grown immensely.<br /><br />The thing to keep in mind is that The Matrix is a great action movie with some philosophical mumbo-jumbo thrown in. The 13th Floor is a passable action movie with some slightly more interesting philosophical mumbo-jumbo thrown in. Existenz is not an action movie at all and is not (as many seem to believe) about reality or any such deep concept. Its about the human tendency to intentionally replace reality with an artificial (both in its origin and in its behavior) world of make-believe.<br /><br />The most chilling moment in the movie is when Allegra Geller repeats her scripted line. Its at that point you realize that the people in the game have voluntarily surrendered their free will in order to participate in a story. This is made even more frightening at the end when DArcy Nader (or rather his player) comments on the possibility of spending ones life in the game. I sympathize completely with the realist philosophy that providing interesting worlds in which people simply locate the correct predefined path to the end goal is ultimately a recipe for a soulless existence. Living in the game is not living at all but is a tempting way to spend ones time on earth. As Allegra comments about the real world theres nothing going on here. Might as well jack into someone elses imagination and pretend to be doing something interesting. (Although I have to ask whether Cronenberg considers this a self-indictment considering that he himself offers up worlds to be experienced in 90 minute snippets.)<br /><br />Upon leaving the theater after first watching this movie I thought it was one of those movies that was watchable only to see how it ended. But having seen it a couple more times (thank you SciFi Channel) Ive realized how much deeper it goes. Seriously if youve only seen it once it deserves another viewing.',pos

'Laughs adventure a good time a killer soundtrack oscar-worthy acting and special effects/ animitronics like none other what else could you want in a movie? If you see this will be on the telly WATCH IT otherwise run out now to RENT IT!!!',pos

'I love Jamie Foxx.<br /><br />And I enjoy 99\% of all movies I see.<br /><br />And I walked out of this one.<br /><br />Now I admit it may have had something to do with the two middle-aged white women in the back of theatre who laughed at every little thing (Oh no Jamies knocking on a door! HEE HEE HEE!) but... this was just so incredibly annoying. There could be no sustained camera shot and no camera shot from a conventional angle... everything had to be in-your-face loud and annoying.<br /><br />The bad guy tried to be smooth and Malkovich-like but at this point its just old and tired. He brought nothing new or interesting. From all the characters too many lines you saw coming too many youve heard before and too many tough guy lines... and I dont mind that sort of thing really as long as theres a bit of originality to it. In fact pretty much the entire supporting cast just sucked.<br /><br />I love Jamie Foxx and I think hes really funny and I thought he was funny in this movie... but not nearly funny enough for me to endure everything else. <br /><br />This movie needed less shoot-em-up less annoying camera shots more emotion more feeling and more Jamie Foxx. I gave it a 2.',neg

'I had not seen this movie since the late 80s and decided to pick up the VHS version of it. The plot is very slow and the actors almost seem robotic in this breakdance flick. The music hip hop/freestyle artists and the breakdancing scenes are what make this movie special. The breakdancing is actually better in this movie than in Breakin but I have to say that Breakin 1&2 carry the energy & excitement to the screen a lot better. Its a movie I will keep in my library but its not a movie that I can watch over & over again just once in a blue moon.',pos

'Here in Germany King of Queens has a big big cult status! Nearly every teenager (and adults) watch this sitcom. Its really awesome!! Better than the other horrible American sitcoms like Full House or Set by Step (the only series who is still OK is Al Bundy). There havent been an Amercian sitcom in Europe who was as effective as this really funny show!! Kevin James and Leah Remini as Doug & Carrie Haffernan are the craziest couple I know Jerry Stiller as Arthur is the funniest grandpa I know and Victor Williams and (especially) Patton Oswalt as Deacon & Spence are the most different but funny guys I know. I watch it as often as I could and I still havent enough good humor!',pos

'I was attracted to this movie when I looked at cast list but after I watched it I must admit that I felt a bit disappointed. The main problem of this movie is that actors arent capable of holding this movie on their back. Why? Because of bad script. Although Dillon Lane and Jones try very hard to take this movie on another level there is no innovative storytelling and the direction is too ordinary. So for Matt Dillon fans this is watchable movie just like for admirers of beautiful Diane Lane. Legendary Tommy Lee Jones is always great but this is not movie for him; far below his level. So if you get hooked up by this great cast watch it but dont expect anything big or extraordinary. The only thing that youll remember about this flick is Diane Lane scenes; rest of it is very forgettable.',neg

'I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga compelling storyline cool soundtrack directing (Kitamura rocks!) editing and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2 but after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and lost the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower the action is not as exciting and as well choreographed and there is not a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further reducing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I agree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. If only Ryuhei Kitamura continued with this installment. There is however some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys get killed off too easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was about the only memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumis rampage at the end was unconvincing but Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I dont think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a pity.',neg

'This movie has recieved horrible ratings from just about everyone who has voted here but i am here to say if you like movies like Dude Wheres my Car and Dumb and Dumber this movie is for you. If your into movies like Citizen Kane and Casablanca id have to sugest you in a different angle. Yet i still love this movie and everything about it even if it is kind of kiddy this is one of the few movies me and my freinds have been able to keep watching over the years and quote whenever possible. GREAT MOVIE. This movie should the AFIs number 1 because its so friggin high class. The only problem with this movie is you may have trouble seeing it because it was a made for tv movie on a channel that no longer exists. So i dont know how to get this movie id like to buy it for dvd but i cant find it anywhere. I still have it taped from when it was first on you can come over if you want and watch it bute i might be sleeping. this movie rocks and thats basicly all you need to know.',pos

'How does this movie suck? As a fan of Michael Imperiolis work on The Sopranos I picked this up at Blockbuster based on his name and a story that sounded like it had promise. It still does but this movie doesnt fulfill it.<br /><br />Every turn of the story is entirely predictable; I kept looking for the Lifetime bug on the bottom right corner of the screen. Its all there: the noble woman coming out of hard times the guy failing to live up to his potential despite her best efforts the kid who gets stuck in the middle etc. etc. etc. The mysterious strangers identity is what really made me want to throw stuff at the TV -- I would have been more satisfied with little Stuey waking up and realizing it was all a dream.<br /><br />The filmmakers may as well have had a The moral of the story is... bit before the credits since as another reviewer pointed out this thing really does roll like an afterschool special. Dont gamble dont drink dont do drugs stay with your wife spend time with your kids...come on how about a little nuance? How about some interesting bad guys? Writer/director A.W. Vidmer should be singled out for special notice: not only is the dialogue leaden the pacing (within dialogue and at either end of many scenes) makes this movie at least 45 minutes longer than it needs to be (and believe me it feels like longer). The talents of Imperioli Renee Faia and some of the supporting cast (Steve Schirripa natch) are the only things that keep this from a 1 rating. All of their good work is nearly offset though by the atrocious job of portraying the boy Stuey. Not sure if it was a casting mistake (hey -- its a mob movie so lets cast someone from Blues Clues who cant do anything but over-overact with a big fake grin...next lets cast the sullen brooding kid in the Disney flick) or just awful directing but those scenes are really painful to watch.<br /><br />Id be interested in another filmmakers take on this character and his story; its a shame Imperioli has already been used up by this flick. Awful awful awful.',neg

'Simply put I was amazingly disappointed. Im a huge fan of Asian Horror and I can watch unoriginality (I myself enjoyed The Red Shoes and Phone) but this was just poor.<br /><br />The movie has a lot of elements that are very high-quality: the photography is eye-catching the visuals are cool the directing is inspired the acting is pretty good the music is easy on the ears and the CGI is incredible. But since this is a horror film we are expected to be scared which just wont happen with this film. As with most South Korean horrors this is unoriginal almost from beginning to end: theres the trademark long-haired vengeful female ghost ominous clumps of thick black hair and puddles of water and near the end a twist that *almost* but not quite makes sense out of the whole thing (the twist is easily one of the best qualities). And to the viewers irritation when the film isnt recycling (at times so exact that it could easily be dubbed plagiarized) imagery from other movies its making you jump. A lot. And by jumps I dont mean things jumping out or anything just VERY loud noises and screeches in the soundtrack used to make the audience jump six feet in the air (theres even a few made-you-jump moments that are simply infuriating). And when it is not ripping-off other movies its boring and hard to sit through.<br /><br />And its a shame because Ryeong could have easily been really good and it has everything to make it good but its the annoying overuse of completely predictable loud noises and jump scares that eventually ruin the movie. A perfect example of how good it could have been: theres a moment when one of out characters is looking at a corpse and without a sound the corpse looks back. Its wholly predictable but the use of silence in that scene is brilliant. And unfortunately thats as scary as the movie got for me.<br /><br />Admittedly Ryeong has a few good features and even a couple jumps that arent as predictable and do work. Theres a very good and sad back-story used to explain the events and the twist is pretty unpredictable. Those are the only things that separate the film from any other Asian ghost/horror film. But the problem with these is even though they do work they have been used before (J-Horror fans will easily realize the big reveal was inspired by A Tale of Two Sisters) and it takes the back-story a good fifty minutes to get going.<br /><br />So in the end Ryong really seems like a truly wasted opportunity. Tae-kyeong Kim hoped that the plot twist and other good features act as diversions so the audience wont notice the huge flaws. But he failed and well... We noticed everything.<br /><br />My rating: 4/10.',neg

'I have really nothing to add to all the other comments save this: To me the film looked like a silent film slowly being adapted to sound. The text boards bringing the story along reinforced that impression I suppose. Along the way the actors were allowed to leave the stilted theatre-like acting; Marguerite Churchill very much looks like a typical early silent movie heroine at the beginning of the film but at the end is allowed finer expressions. Gus the Swede? reminded me of the comic characters of Shakespeare plays and Windy sounded to me like an early Donald Duck.<br /><br />It truly amazed me that it was all filmed outdoors on location and even though the dust of all the wagons horses and cattle obscured the view it must actually have been like that for the real settlers! It also was clear to me that many of those Indians must have been real and I didnt detect any overt racism towards them. And John Wayne looks so incredibly young! As someone who became a real Wayne fan through the cavalry trilogy by John Ford and thought that Stage Coach was Waynes first as a leading star this film was a revelation. The plot is very simple again reminding me of a silent film but the grit is very real indeed! An amazing film to have been made with that technique and under those conditions in 1930.',pos

'Audrey I know you truly cherish your husband Teds memory but PLEASE do his legacy justice and heed his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories images fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books.<br /><br />It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while. Save what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.',neg

'I agree with the Aussies comments for the most part. However there id seem to be a fairly decent plot if unoriginal. Christina (Kelli McCarty) inherits a rural property that she intends to open a mountain lodge. She gets reacquainted with Chip (Bobby Johnston) whom she had known when she was growing up in there. The plot thickens when James (Paul Logan) arrives with his new stripper friend Shene (Devinn Lane) because Christina had been James stripper friend in years gone by and the implication is that James had done her wrong somehow. To add interest to the movie Sophia Linn (Monique Parent) a romance novelist shows up as a guest at the lodge as do Eric (Sebastien Guy) and Linda (Flower) pair of lawyers from the city. James sicks the local building codes inspector on Christinas business as one of his dirty tricks to shut her down. So the question is How far will James go to sabotage the lodge and will he succeed?<br /><br />Watch for Devinn Lane here and in Beauty Betrayed. She seems to be making a transition from the hard core business to the R world. Another notable is Samantha McConnell playing the role of Bait clearly the most outrageous character name in the movies!',pos

'Especially if you love horrible movies. When I first started watching it all I could say was I hope theres a dance sequence in it. Imagine my delight when not ONLY did the two main characters dance but the main ghost began break dancing as well. AND on top of THAT Sherman Hemsley sings the break dance song (not to mention the theme song). It makes me a little sad that he went broke because of this movie but Ive never liked him as an actor and he really should have known better. Not even the director would take credit for this movie (and you should check out some of the other films he directed!).<br /><br />One note of warning though the writer seemed to really like jokes about the um male lower regions. For example one of the characters discovers a book called Groins of the Darker Species. I am not kidding. And that to me is the most disturbing part of the film. Other than that find the most obscure video rental store in your town get the movie invite all your friends over and laugh until you cry with Ghost Fever.',neg

'This is an excellent film. No its not Mel Gibson in Braveheart but then its not trying to be. Actually The Emperor and the Assassin probably has (thankfully) more in common with a Shakespearean production than a Hollywood blockbuster.<br /><br />In the third century BC the King of Qin is attempting to unite (in other words conquer) the seven kingdoms of China. He has already overthrown the Kingdom of Han. Now he needs an excuse to invade the Kingdom of Yan.<br /><br />This is where the Lady Zhao comes in. She and the King have been friends since childhood. They are obviously very much in love but cannot marry for political reasons. Together they devise a plot. She will pretend to have fallen into disfavor with the King and escape to Yan. Once there she will convince the Prince of Yan to send an assassin back to kill the King. When the assassination fails the King will have his excuse to invade Yan.<br /><br />Once in Yan however Lady Zhao begins to reconsider. Hearing and seeing more and more examples of her old childhood friends ruthlessness she begins to wonder if the King may need to be assassinated for real.<br /><br />One sure sign that youre not watching a Hollywood production is the final encounter between the King and the assassin. Unlike a Hollywood movie where the hero and villain are clearly defined and the final outcome already predetermined this is a fight that could truly go either way.<br /><br />This is a well crafted and well acted story of a tumultuous time in Chinese history. There is a mixture of both incredible beauty and incredible ugliness. Most beautiful of all however is Gong Li as the Lady Zhao. I grow more and more convinced every time I see her that Gong Li is the most beautiful woman in the world.<br /><br />I must say however that she does have one unintentionally funny line in this film. Early on Gong Li asks one of her servants Do I have a beautiful face?<br /><br />Duh!!!',pos

'Cornel Wilde and three dumbbells search for sunken treasure in the south Atlantic.<br /><br />The treasure-hunters led by Wilde fight a group of territorial sharks with cute little sneers on their hungry faces. Wilde and his merry men must find a way to take themselves off the menu so they can begin excavating an old Spanish galleon filled with gold bullion.<br /><br />After the crew engages in a small eternity of pushing shoving arguing and listening to Wildes annoying health tips 5 crazy convicts board the boat and complicate things. Now it is a battle of wits as to who gets the treasure and who gets to see what the inside of a sharks stomach looks like.<br /><br />At least Wilde is in shape wearing exactly the same thing he wore in The Naked Prey 10 years earlier and he has remained in excellent condition.<br /><br />Made on a budget of 75 cents.',neg

'After Empire strikes back Return of the Jedi is my second favorite movie from the Star Wars series.<br /><br />Luke went to Tattoine to save Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time the Galactic Empire is doing in secret the construction of a new space station like the previous Death Star. If this station stays totally constructed it will be the end of the Rebel Alliance. Both Vader and the Emperor are impatient because of the delay of the new Death Starand they need to kill many of their commanders to have the project made in schedule.<br /><br />R2 and C3po are inside Jabbas palace to send a message from Luke to Jabbawhere Lukes pretends to negotiate Hans life. He gives R2 and C3po as a gift to Jabba as part of his plan. Jabba does not accept the negotiationsince he is using Han Solo as a piece of his palaces decoration.(Han still is frozen in carbonite) Lando is hidden as Jabbas guard and Chewbacca is also gave to Jabba by a reward hunter. When the same Hunter tries to save Han solo and makes him stay in human form again we see that is actually princess Leia in a disguise. The problem is that Jabba discovers Leias plan and takes her as his slavewhile Han is thrown away in Chewbaccas cell.<br /><br />Luke comes as a Jedi knight to rescue his friends. At his first try to kill Jabbahe falls into Jabbas monster cell (Bantha)but easily kills it. Jabba stays angry and decides to thrown HanChewbacca and Luke to Sarlacc a big creature from the desert who stays 1.000 years digesting its food. LukeHan and Chewie has success in scape again and even Boba Fett dies when Han accidentally throws him in to Sarlaccs mouth. Leia kills Jabba and goes after HanLuke and Chewie as well c3po and R2. <br /><br />Everybodys safe againLuke decides to go to Dagoba to complete his training as a Jedias well his promise to Yoda. The problem is that Yoda is too old and sick since he already has 900 years old and before he dies Yoda says to Luke that he does not need more trainingbut to really be a Jedi he must fight with Vader again. He confirms to Luke that Vader is Lukes dad and that there is another Skywalker besides Luke. In his last moments Yoda asks to Luke to remember his advices about the temptation of the dark side and to Luke transmit his Jedi knowledge to other people. When Yoda diesObi wans spirit shows up to Luke and tells him that Lukes father killed his good side Anakin to become Darth Vader and also that he is more machine than a man since he became a sith. Luke stays worried about killing his own dad and says that he feels that his father still has kindness. Obi Wan tells Luke that his twin sister is Leia and says the reasons why Luke and Leia were separated since babies. He gives his last advice to Luke saying that if he refuses to kill Vader the emperor will win the war.<br /><br />At the same time the Emperor says to Vader that he must give Luke to him when he shows up since Luke is stronger than before and they both needs to combine their efforts to bring Luke to the dark side.<br /><br />Now we are going to have one of the best battles from the star war serieswhen the Rebel Alliance plans to attack the new space station the  Death Star 2 Luke will confront Vader and the Emperor and Leia Han and chewie needs to turn off the Death star 2 power field with the help of the EWOKS. (little creatures who looks little bears)<br /><br />This is for sure one of the most exciting star wars of all!',pos

'A quick paced and entertaining noir set in Vienna just after W.W.11. Donald Buka is a refugee who cant find legal work because he does not have any papers. No papers means no work permit which means no way to get a passport. He survives by driving a friends cab at night. If he gets caught it means three months in jail. One night he picks up a fare at a big hotel and drives the man to an airline office. Buka takes the mans luggage in and returns to the car. There he finds his customer has acquired an unneeded hole in the back of his head. What to do? Call the police? Without a work permit they will put the grab on him real quick. No he needs time to think this out. He drives to a secluded spot empties the mans pockets and hides the body. He now has an American passport and plenty of cash! He drops by an underworld contact to have the passport photo changed. Now he just needs to go to the mans hotel and collect the mans plane ticket. His ticket to freedom! Needless to say that would be too simple. Waiting at the hotel is the dead mans mistress Joan Camden. Camden is on the run from her rather nasty husband Francis Lederer Lederer is of course the swine who had bumped off the man in Bukas cab. Camden calls the police since she believes Buka has robbed her lover. Buka shows his new passport and manages to talk his way out of the mess. Camden breaks down when hubby Lederer shows up at the police station. Lederer convinces the police Camden has suffered a mental breakdown and she is released to him. She escapes again finds Buka and the two decide to flee the country together. Lederer again puts in an appearance and Buka must decide if helping Camden is worth his freedom. This film is much better than Im making it sound. Buka is best known as the low-life cop killer in 1950s Between Midnight and Dawn. The film was produced by actor Turhan Bey.',pos

'***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS***<br /><br />This movie The Divers is really interesting. All I roughly knew about it was that it would involve nazi history underwater scenes and everybody would be speaking Danish. But I decided to check it out for one reason the fact that the story evolves around a sunken WWII German submarine. Ive got a fetish for German subs especially wrecks that can be dived upon. So I was a bit sceptical about the Danish part but reasoned that the sub could weigh up that part. Knowing that Nordic films arent always that good and not sure of the budget size I was to say the least very sceptical.<br /><br />Upon viewing I was ... surprised.<br /><br />I had some thoughts on the actors being inadequate seeing how some are very young the two main actors in particular. This was not an issue they both perform very well. As do the other actors who mostly consist of people in their 50s and beyond. This makes for some interesting interaction between young and old not often seen on the screen. Not unique in anyway but somewhat rare. And its all good.<br /><br />As for the Danish language it is nearly impossible to understand. But this was no problem it had subtitles.<br /><br />Another issue was the submarine itself I suspected there would be interior shots as well as underwater exterior shots of the submarine. Having decided their budget was slim I thought this could turn out adequate at the best and down right awful at its worst. Again I was surprised the exterior scenes of the wreck are beautiful and the interior scenes are very realistic. Having a fetish for German subs I knew what the sub should look like especially inside and was not let down. The team has done some serious research. Its all good.<br /><br />I suspect more people than myself will watch this movie just to see some sub wreck scenes so I feel I must issue a warning. The submarine in the movie is not an actual model that existed during the war. Its a special purpose sub. But to give you a hint of what to expect its a crossing between a Type VII Type IX and a Japanese transport sub similar to I-52. Its god a good design and makes a nice wreck.<br /><br />The setting is on a Danish island or peninsula I cant remember. Its summertime and two brothers travel to their grandfather to celebrate the coming of summer as they do every year. Their grandfather is a mariner of sorts. The cinematography is quite nice a lot of pretty summer scenes at the island docks some newfound teenage love nice diving weather and a general feeling of perfect. Once again its all good.<br /><br />Plot-wise the island gets some visitors of the suspect kind a gathering of men hire one of the boats an old minesweeper and its crew. One of the visitors a man in his 50s has the german eagle and swastika tattooed on his back. The islands senior citizens all remember when a german u-boat was sunk towards the end of world war II and ever since then there have been rumors of nazi gold in the depths. The grandfather was one of the young men who searched for the sunken u-boat shortly after german bodies started floating ashore back in 1945. No submarine was ever found.<br /><br />WHAT TO EXPECT<br /><br />Key elements are nazi experiments nazi history treasure hunting secrecy competition teen love conspiracy and ...a surprise.<br /><br />*** WARNING - SPOILER ***<br /><br />I had not expected some elements of the supernatural to appear in this movie and it caught me off guard. Not being a big fan of supernatural events it nevertheless fitted well into the story and poses no problem. Its not like From dusk til dawn where everybody turns into vampires towards the end. This is a bit more subtle.<br /><br />OVERALL : Really good movie I gave it an 8. Some due to the fact that it isnt a Hollywood movie with unlimited resources. I later learned that it had a fair budget and that some of the actors were seasoned Danish veterans. But even if this had been a Hollywood production I would give it a 7 or 8. Definately worth your while. Yes a childs story in a way but then again a mature tale. It has a lot of suspense and a grand aura of adventure which I found very appealing. And again the cinematography is really nice.<br /><br />/Medusa 2001<br /><br />',pos

'Boston legal has turned its tail and is headed for the barn door and th pig slop it has created! When this show first aired almost four season back it was a humorous slap at the legal system which all actors seem to take pride in portraying. It was funny diversified and to some extent factual. The characters portrayed were acceptable and to an extent real in their portrayals. The sexual comment and activity were limited and humorous. Julie Bowen is and was beautiful as in other series she participated but is now dragged to the lower depths of Media programming of sex and violence. Julie is an excellent actress and needs a more stable platform than this production. Rene Adjurdubois Is an excellent actor who has from the days of Benson to this production held his own in the field of entertainment always showing the humor and respectful acting of the production. Captain Kirk is. Funny and humorous is Candace Bergan and is to be admired for her continuing in this production and is a good actress. James Spader there is no doubt in his acting ability however he should go back to his XXX origins such as Crash as it appears he has much talent and inclination in that direction. We ask that this series be trashed as it already is and its really starting to smell!!!',neg

'Jason Priestly stars as Breakfast a psychotic jewelry store thief whose grip on reality is frighteningly precarious according to the DVD sleeve With his accomplice Panda (Bernie Coulson) the duo make off with a carload of cash a result of a tip-off from beautiful cashier Ziggy (Laura Harris). Her reward: to hitch a ride with the out-of-control duo so that she can meet her long-lost father Francis (Stephen McHattie). But hes on a suicidal quest to even a score with his former boss (Louis Gossett Jr.) and has the cops hot on his trail. Rage murder and revenge are about to collide! Stay out of their way!<br /><br />*** The Highwayman (4/28/00) Keoni Waxman ~ Jason Priestly Laura Harris Stephen McHattie',neg

'I bought this film on DVD despite the stale review and that was idiotic... That review was completely accurate and I have never seen any worse erotic film in my long life! Even if it partly was lovely filmed and had interesting surroundings plus a nice cover... But my own Extreme Erotica (c) films are over 100 times more erotic (just in the soft delicious aspect) with probably less than 100 times of this films budget! The story have no logical connection with the first film or the famous book... Or any new (exciting) element of slave training except some very strange and sad developments... Then did the main male character - Klaus Kinski - not look a bit like the second Master of O he try to play... And not even lovely Arielle Dombasle did look delicious in any scene!',neg

'The Assignment is an outstanding thriller with several plot twists driven by character rather than star turns the need to stage special effects obligatory romance and endless car chases. However there is a car chase in here and a dandy it is. Aidan Quinn is wonderful as both the terrorist and the naval officer recruited to eliminate him. It is rare that a second or third tier actor such as Quinn is given an important starring role like this that carries a film. Usually such a role is given to an A-list actor with box office draw which is probably why I never heard of this film before I saw it. Donald Sutherland is great as the morally ambiguous somewhat creepy at times agent that recruits Quinn. Ben Kingsley is fine also as the Israeli agent. The plot is very complex and there are multiple story lines which converge in gradual fashion toward the end and not all at once as were used to seeing. The paranoia and claustrophobia of these type of thrillers is captured and portrayed with both moral ambiguity and frightening intensity. The locations are convincing and effective. The soundtrack is nothing special but rarely do we get all of the above mentioned qualities these days without dumb and/or meaningless plot developments; unconvincing star turns; loud annoying music video type soundtracks; a villain that hams it up; and repeatedly a cast costumes and plot that cater mostly to an audience under 25. This is an outstanding thriller which most assuredly did not get its just due upon its release. ***1/2 of 4 stars.',pos

'Visually speaking this film is stunning. It has some delightful black comedic moments. But on the whole the plot is very clichéd as is its seeming message. If youre a fan of over-the-top violence in mainstream movies like hostel or saw youll love it. If youre looking for something at all high-brow steer away. I saw it as part of the edinburgh film festival 06 and I only chose it because I was looking for something disturbing. Ultimately it isnt disturbing. Just grinding and unpleasant to sit through. If you genuinely want to be challenged go see something like The Lost. If you want to be grossed out or tell your friends about a really messed up film then this is for you.',neg

'I saw this movie with a friend who ran a marathon with me and we both had the same feeling about it: it wasnt terribly motivating and didnt even broach the idea of what a training schedule would look like so that non-marathoners could have an idea of what it would take for them to train and run one. In fact there was almost zero technical information at all. I didnt expect this to be a tech-heavy instructional video but when that info was near zero then the film just wasnt balanced and wasnt particularly useful to non-marathoners contemplating their first run.<br /><br />There were other problems. Some of the very first images were people collapsing near death while trying to run a race. Yeah real inspiring. The timing was also hard to follow because it was semi chronological but the filmmakers rarely gave you any good clues as to what point in time you were looking at. And they withheld information. You see that Kantor has an injury and you just assume its from all her training but then several scenes later they finally clue you in that its because she tripped over a pine cone in her yard.<br /><br />Some parts were very good though like the bit about a woman defying race officials who wanted the run to be men-only and the coverage of a Chicago race where two of the runners portrayed earlier were vying for first place.<br /><br />Off the top of my head Im thinking of other chronological documentaries like Supersize Me and Grass where you always know where you are and you feel like they told you everything you wanted to know.<br /><br />In short it wouldnt have been hard to make a better marathon film and as it stands I cant recommend this to non-marathoners to educate and motivate them to try one because I dont think it will have that effect.',neg

'MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those movies with a behind-the-scenes story thats more interesting than the movie itself. This was Chaplins tenth comedy for Keystone during his year of apprenticeship and his first two-reeler. Here he played one of his last out-and-out villain roles (although the feature-length TILLIES PUNCTURED ROMANCE was yet to come) and it also marked one of the last times he would work for a director other than himself. In fact Chaplins conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost got him fired from the studio.<br /><br />Chaplin hadnt gotten along with his earlier directors Henry Lehrman and George Nichols but according to his autobiography having to take direction from a mere girl was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film. Chaplin was still a newcomer at Keystone and his colleagues didnt know what to make of him but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was on the verge of firing Chaplin when he learned that the newcomers films were catching on and exhibitors wanted more of them A.S.A.P. so Chaplin was promised the chance to direct himself in return for finishing this movie the way Mabel wanted it.<br /><br />Unfortunately none of that drama is visible on screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL which looks like typical Keystone chaos. The story concerns an auto race in which Mabels beau (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to compete but wicked Charlie and his henchmen abduct the lad and Mabel must take the wheel in his place. For all the racing around brick hurling and finger-biting the film is frankly short on laughs but there are a few points of interest. Theres some good cinematography and editing in the race sequence though there arent really any gags just lots of frantic activity. Chaplin himself looks odd sporting a goat-like beard on his chin and wearing the top hat and frock coat he wore in his very first film appearance MAKING A LIVING but the outfit suits the old-fashioned villainy he displays throughout. At least its novel to watch him play such an uncharacteristic role. Visible in the stands at the race track are such Keystone stalwarts as Chester Conklin Edgar Kennedy in a strangely dandified get-up and a more characteristic Mack Sennett spitting tobacco and doing his usual mindless rube routine. As a performer Sennett was about as subtle as the movies he produced but you have to give the guy credit: he knew what people liked. These films were hugely popular in their day. Macks performance doesnt add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL but he probably had to be on hand for the filming of this one to make sure his stars didnt kill each other.',neg

'This movie is more like a music video. Kusturica said in an interview from 2004 that when he is making movies he feels like making music and when he is making music he feels like making movies. The best thing in Promise me this is the music written by Stribor Kusturica.<br /><br />Kusturica said in the same interview that for him the dialogues in the movies are like noise. Promise me this has very little noise.<br /><br />I liked Life is a miracle. It was also like music video for the first 30 minutes and at some points later but it had a beautiful plot. Promise me this has no plot. I was awaiting this movie with big expectations because Ive read that the script has been written by Ranko Bozic - one of my favourite scriptwriters who participated also in Life is a miracle. Ranko Bozic writes great dialogues but for Kusturica they are noise and much to my regret I saw only two dialogues which I could identify as written by Ranko Bozic. The other part of the script was used by the director for making his chaotic music video for the music of his son Stribor.<br /><br />Gordan Mihic (the man who wrote the scripts for Time of the gypsies and Black cat white cat) said in an interview that Kusturica never follows the script. Black cat white cat was the only script for which Kusturica said that he will not touch it. According to Gordan Mihic after all Kusturica comes back to the script and if he doesnt he doesnt make a good movie. And I think this is the case with Promise me this. He should have followed the script of Ranko Bozic.<br /><br />Promise me this is billed as a comedy but there are very few moments which made me laugh. The comedic moments are in the same style as Black cat white cat but are not that funny at all. I think the difference comes from the fact that Black cat white cat was written by Gordan Mihic.<br /><br />However I know some people who liked Promise me this they find it very positive movie.',neg

'When anyone comes into a film of this type of film its not without saying that an overdose of that great over-the-counter brain-medicine Suspension of Disbelief comes in mighty handy.<br /><br />Jeanette MacDonald plays two roles: Anna/Brigitta the woman who Nelson Eddy has ignored since the beginning of time but who also is -- an angel sent to Earth.<br /><br />My reaction when I saw this was a mute gasp of Hunh? Where have I seen this before? It turns out I have seen it before but in a movie made much later than this one. DATE WITH AN ANGEL a forgettable pile of dreck made in 1987 cashed in on the ethereal beauty of one Emmanuelle Beart who had no speaking lines also wore a blond wig and made life hell for soap-actor Michael Knight. Much worse in every conceivable angle with ultra-low 80s values but more than likely an updated version of this 1942 turkey.<br /><br />Anyway not to elaborate this is not a memorable film and stands as a doorstop of information because it was the last time MacDonald and Eddy neither very good actors but terrific singers would be together playing up the innocence and clean-cut romance that they were known for. After that you may need a cold shower not because there are any steamy scenes here but to get rid of the memory.',neg

'This film revolves around an Arabian leader (Amir) who dies and wants to live on. So a Dr. Lloyd Trenton is being paid to transplant Amirs brain into a willing participant. But in the Doctors basement his dwarf assistant Dorro (Angelo Rossitto) drains young girls blood for the doctors purposes. So meanwhile Doctor Llyod pays a man to kill the people who assisted Amir into the country (Which is Reed Hadley Grant Williams and various unknown bodyguards.). Grant is the only survivor when his car crashes off the road. While this has happened the doctors other assistant Gor is sent out to get a body for amir and hurts him so badly Dr.Llyod cant operate. Meanwhile Grant finds Amirs girlfriend Regina Carrol and tells her his story. Grant sees the man who drove him off the road and Dorro kills him. Then since Gor failed to get a body D.r Llyod puts Amirs brain into Gors disfigured body. Then Grant and Regina go to the Doctors lab an<br /><br />------------------------SPOILERS------------------------- find out his secret. Soon Amir (Gor) are prancing around killing people and in the muddle of what I think is plot Dr.Llyod has a brain-ray gun which hurts Amir on command. It turns out Dr.Lloyd wants a country in which all scientists can work without law. So then Regina dies. and at the end Amirs new body (I think) say that it shall be a new country blah blah.<br /><br />I still dont get the ending but overall this was a very enjoyable piece of smelly cheese.This film features Grant Williams in his second to last film roll. I recommend it for any fan of Al Adamson or if you like Brains.',pos

'How to take Charles Darwins fantastic intellectual journey and turn it into a chick flick. His pivotal and seminal ideas and their radical influence on Western thought and capitalist society are untouched except for two brief scenes in one of which it is claimed he is killing God; pure demagoguery to make the movie emotional. And the rest of the movie buckles to that purpose: it consists entirely of melodramatic and long family scenes with overloud music at which one is beholden to cry. Anyone who actually read Origin Of Species would be vividly aware that there was no breach with God in any of Darwins work; to the contrary there was an increased awe and respect and a revolutionary new way of looking at things. A good movie about Darwin could be educational thoughtful and deeply inspiring even in a religious sense - but that would contradict the soap-opera intentions of this flick. This is a flick that is designed to make people wail in contrived sympathy and then feel transformed although unable to understand why; it makes fast use of Darwins great name only as marketing clout as one would drop a famous name at a party to create an impression. Sad that the sets and costumes are so good: production values except for the writing were obviously high. See it if you want to weep for the loss of intelligence in American literature.',neg

'At times I really wonder when I look at the comments here it seems as if most people have seen a completely different film than I have. Ive just seen it... and liked it. Not in the way that it made me happy but in the way of having seen a good film!<br /><br />The film needs some patience yes. And yes the main character is REALLY annoying but that Im sure is by intention.<br /><br />Maybe it really makes a difference if you watch this film in a cinema or at home. Most people watch films at home like they are listening to elevator music. This movie definitely doesnt fit as background noise.<br /><br />And no. Good directing doesnt mean having five laughs or explosions a second. Good directing means following your subject and keeping the story and actors together. And while that doesnt work out perfectly at least I think it works quite good.<br /><br />I liked the photography and sets even if they brink on the surreal at times. The opening scene is really special.<br /><br />I also liked the acting  Guillaume Depardieu is NOT playing Pierre. He is acting the role of a Pierre who is himself playing a role! Pierre is not the romantic hero that he so hard tries to be he is a presumptuous and self-righteous idiot a downright weakling who by and by harms all the people he claims to protect. That even his love for truth is simply a pose is beautifully demonstrated by his ongoing lying and not even once asking questions or explaining himself.<br /><br />People are wondering where this or that person came from and other stuff: No character who is seen for more than two scenes is left unexplained there is enough information scattered throughout the film on everyone.<br /><br />And even the strange building begins to make sense as soon as the target practicing is seen: Remember that Isabelle fled from a war zone - and obviously this is a refuge for fighters in a civil war most likely Bosnia (which was still going on when the film was produced). At least thats what is hinted at by the story Isabelle tells Pierre when she first meets him and by the later scene where Pierre shows Isabelle the book with his father on the cover which is surrounded by books on Bosnia.',pos

'This movie has Wild Bill Hickok Calamity Jane Buffalo Bill and General Custer all together. Gary Cooper plays Wild Bill and Jean Arthur plays Calamity Jane and Charles Bickford plays the bad guy who sells weapons to the Indians and you can hardly recognize him. This was the first time Cecil B. DeMille and Gary Cooper worked together and the next movie the made was basically the same but set in a different time. This movie starts out with Lincolns assassination and it also deals with an Indian war. Calamity Jane is in love with Wild Bill and Buffalo Bill has gotten married and now wants to stay home. This movie also deals with Custers last stand and is far from accurate. Gary Cooper is good as usual and i usually dont like Jean Arthur but i liked her here.',pos

'Theres so little here of the fantastic Anne Rice book that what IS here makes no sense. Some of the characters--intense and surprising characters--dont make it to the screen at all and those who do are watered down to the point that theres no reason for their existence.<br /><br />Wheres the relationship between Christophe and Marcel? Wheres the continued affair between Marcel and Juliet? Why does Dolly Rose appear at all since her storys never explained? Wheres the rape and redemption of Marie whose greatest attribute (and downfall) is that she can pass for white--and her marriage to Richard? Why does the film end with Marcels beating at the hands of his father? We learn nothing of Aglae beyond that shes a bitch who hates her husband; why no backstory explaining this hatred? <br /><br />As for the performances theres not a one thats better than mediocre though thats likely due to the lousy script. Best of the lot is that of the actor playing Richard--but Richards not on screen enough to salvage the film. Worst is Jasmine Guy as Dolly Rose though again it comes down to the actress having nothing to do with what little shes given to work with.<br /><br />All in all this is just terrible. I thought itd be impossible for any Anne Rice book-turned film to be worse than EXIT TO EDEN but FEAST OF ALL SAINTS makes that mess look like a critical hit. How is it that Rice is such a slut shell allow her best works to become such junk on the screen?',neg

'Love it or loathe it its hard to not find Warren Beattys take on Dick Tracy the 1990 film adaptation of Chester Goulds famous comic strip anything short of a genre classic. Superhero films have been coming out of the woodwork in recent years and may soon become a genre all on its own.<br /><br />Beattys film liberally uses Goulds source material to full effect shooting in all six of the strips primary colors and thus giving this unique yet familiar world of trigger-happy mutant gangsters and loose seductive women a lush visual style and tone.<br /><br />It can be stated that the films strong visual aesthetics drastically short-change the characters and their acting abilities which I dont think can be any further from the truth.<br /><br />Dick Tracy relishes in its look and ghastly characters and Beatty himself who plays the dogged and incorruptible detective of the title is appropriately stoic and ready to bust the bad guys at any and all costs.<br /><br />Other than the visual treats and Oscar-winning makeup there is a plot and Big Boy Caprice (Al Pacino deliciously over-the-top in an Oscar-nominated performance) seeks to eliminate Tracy in one well-planned move but also seeks to gain control of all criminal action in the city by uniting all the feuding gangs under him.<br /><br />Tracy meanwhile is juggling his relationship with Tess Trueheart (Glenne Headly) who as her name would have it remains faithfully by his side and cares for The Kid (Charlie Korsmo) who eventually finds a father figure to look up to in our crime-busting hero. Tracys fidelity to Tess is tested by the tempting advances of Breathless Mahoney (Madonna) who is also Big Boys main squeeze. At the same time that all of this is going down things become heated when a new criminal figure arrives in town and decides to play both sides against the middle.<br /><br />The performances are good as Beattys focus on the strained and romantic relationships between each of the leads becomes the center of the material as opposed to just concentrating on pointless action and special effects. Pacino freely chews up the scenery in a role thats truly standout from the rest.<br /><br />Dick Tracy is one of the best and most overlooked of the comic book movie genre. I think that if Chester Gould was still alive he would be proud of Warren Beattys take on his beloved crime-fighting detective.<br /><br />8/10',pos

'Paul Verhoevens predecessor to his breakout hit Basic Instinct is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known for making somewhat sleazy trash films both in his native Holland and in America and this film is one of the reasons why. The Fourth Man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a gay alcoholic and slightly mad writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a talk on the stories he writes. While there he meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who takes him back to her house where he discovers a handsome picture of one of her lovers and proclaims that he will meet him even if it kills him.<br /><br />Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this film and that ensures that you never quite know where you are with it. Many of the occurrences in The Fourth Man could be what they appear to be but they could easily be interpreted as something else entirely and this keeps the audience on the edge of their seats for the duration and also makes the film work as this narrative is what it thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker that feels he has to restrain himself and that is one of things I like best about him. This film features a very shocking scene that made me feel ill for hours afterwards (and that doesnt happen very often!). I wont spoil it because it needs the surprise element to work...but youll see what I mean when you see the film (make sure you get the uncut version!). There is also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the one Ive mentioned but are lovely nonetheless; a man gets eaten by lions another one has a pipe sent through his skull a boat is smashed in half...lovely.<br /><br />The acting in The Fourth Man isnt anything to write home about but its solid throughout. Jeroen Krabbé holds the audiences attention and looks the part as the drunken writer. It is Renée Soutendijk that impresses the most though as the femme fatale at the centre of the tale. Her performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with Basic Instinct but the original fatale did it best. Paul Verhoevens direction is solid throughout as he directs our attention through numerous points of view all of which help to create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven has gone on to make some rubbish but he obviously has talent and its a shame that he doesnt put it to better use. Of all the Verhoeven films Ive seen this is the best and although it might be difficult to come across; trust me its worth the effort.',pos

'I love full house so much that i couldnt live without full house. Why did it end? It upsets a lot of the fan of it. Can we have a Full House II? Oh come on! But it is better that we have those DVD to help us. But i need those real ones to come up with another new episode. Love Warmth are filled the house! All the characters are very cute and handsome! Candace Cameron Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Jodie Sweetin Bob Saget Dave Coulier and John Stamos loooooooove you! DJ Michelle Stephanie Danny Joey and Jesse please come back to the screen please! How is Michelle after falling down from a horse? How are Nicky and Alex? Is Joey alone or is he having a wife or at least a girlfriend? Are they still living in the same house? I want to continue the life of full house! and please dont upset me!',pos

'Of course seeing a few boom mikes doesnt mean anything does it? Lord Rudy Ray Moore and DUrville Martin really put this one together didnt they? I laughed a lot as often happens in these types of movies but I dont know what I was supposed to laugh at because I laughed at so many other things. I am not saying the movie was bad but I will say that a little more editing would have done wonders. I am a huge fan of Blaxploitation so I dont think that it was horrid but I know that The Human Tornado was several times better than this. I think that those who can make it through this movie might need a Colt 45 or two afterward. I mean it really helps you to not notice the boom mikes when you watch it again.',pos

'Like Tarzan the Ape Man (1932) only more so. Theres more of everything more animals more varied African tribes and scenes in which the thought must be if this was good with three or four lions forty would be better. Tarzan wrestles with crocodilesthe the crocodile machine spins in the water like a rolling pin around and around jaws flapping. Tarzan can kill it with his ubiquitous knife if the blasted saurian would hold still. Tarzan kills lions and rhinos and a steadily increasing number of animals. His friends are real chimps people wearing larger ape costumes and elephants. In fact they use Indian elephantsfar more friendly and trainable than African oneswith costume ears attached to their heads. The human story: another white man worse than the rest shows up to join with Holt to go after the ivory from the elephant graveyard. Tarzan wont show them the way so the bad guy shoots an elephant so they can follow it to its deathbed. Tarzan intercedes and the bad guy shoots himbut of course he survives and returns to save Jane. Everybody else dies Holt and the bad guy and every single one of their boys. People are expendable especially Africans and there doesnt seem to be much distinction between the black fellows who die because they work for the white men travelling through taboo country and those black fellows who kill them. This must be the last Tarzan movie before the Hays Code made Jane wear more clothes. There are a number of underwater scenes in which Jane swims nude and though the light is flickering the movement and the glimpses are very appealing. Apparently one of Weismullers friends from the Olympic swim team did the nude scenes and not Maureen OSullivan. She however moves through the movie wearing the same sort of loincloth Weismuller wears (plus a bikini top) showing a splendid glimpse of thigh and hip. They still dont need to talk a lot. They sleep together and hang out with cool animals and stay away from cities. No wonder theyre happy.',pos

'Random Hearts snuck up on me. Criticized for the implausibility of a) the premise and b) the pairing of an IA cop and a Congresswoman as well as for its slowness the film felt just fine to me  and even ended up being surprisingly absorbing. I found my interest engaged as the film cut back and forth between Fords and Thomass lives as they first found out about and dealt in very different ways in very different environments with their spouses deaths and the subsequent revelation that they were involved with other people. It could happen; two peoples philandering spouses could be on the same plane the plane could go down the survivors could be brought together by the aftermath. So what if its improbable? Improbable is not the same as far-fetched. So..what if it did happen? Why not speculate? <br /><br />Fords and Thomass performances are believable and nuanced. Instead of finding their coupling implausible (opposite sides of the tracks--give me a break) I felt it driven by a grief and betrayal neither party knew how to deal with. The script does not bring them together too soon or too easily and the end of the film does not resolve their relationship conventionally either. Where I find it unsatisfying is when the dialogue brings up interesting wrinkles in or insights into the ramifications of the situation personal and professional but never seems to pursue any of them very far. And if you make the mistake of thinking about it too hard Harrison Ford does seem about 10 years too old for the part.<br /><br />For five and a half bucks at Wal-Mart with full length director commentary and behind-the-scenes featurette the DVD is well worth owning. I dont think I would pay $20 for it on a bet but my wife might. OK ten...',pos

'Some users are confused about the identity of the armed men walking down the steps in the Odessa staircase sequence. These men are not Cossacks but regular army troops.<br /><br />The Cossacks arrive at the scene a little later and they are the men on horses slashing at the crowd with their sabers.<br /><br />To experts on Russian history: Correct me on this if Im wrong.<br /><br />But there are a couple of lines in the movie that apparently no one has commented on. After the takeover of the Potemkin someone in the crowd on shore says Kill the Jews! This is on screen for only a couple of seconds but it is there.<br /><br />How cruelly typical of history not just in Russia but in so many other countries to immediately unthinkingly and instinctively blame Jews for any domestic trouble!<br /><br />Perhaps other parts of the movie are not historically factual but the outcry against the Jews is all too real. Comments anyone?<br /><br />Also why cant speakers of English learn to pronounce the name as Potyomkin instead of as Potemkin? Theres a need in Russian to distinguish the two possible pronunciations of e: as either ye or as yo. Sometimes two dots are used to distinguish these two pronunciations but usually the difference simply has to be memorized.',pos

'The premise of this movie has been tickling my imagination for quite some time now. Weve all heard or read about it in some kind of con-text. What would you do if you were all alone in the world? What would you do if the entire world suddenly disappeared in front of your eyes? In fact the last part is actually what happens to Dave and Andrew two room-mates living in a run-down house in the middle of a freeway system. Andrew is a nervous wreck to say the least and Dave is considered being one of the biggest losers of society. That alone is the main reason to why these two guys get so well along because they simply only have each other to turn to when comforting is needed. Just until...<br /><br />Straight from the beginning of the film lots and lots of problems happen to them. Both of them get involved with crime Andrew suffers from paranoia and simply doesnt dare going out of the house. Dave is unsuccessful at his job and his colleagues dont treat him very well and with the respect he deserves. The amount of problems they face keeps increasing until that one day where they may have to face the inevitable and deal with it. This is just too much for them and they wish that everything would just go away... And of course that is exactly what happens.<br /><br />The rest of the story places Dave and Andrew in this world of nothingness. At first they are surprised and have problems understanding and dealing with the features of this crazy environment but later on they find out that they can do just about everything they want because it seems as if they are the only ones still left.<br /><br />Nothing features an incredibly small cast - in fact besides the first couple of shots from the film we only see Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) in the entire film. It is clear that in order to pull this off the cast has to be more than up for the task because in a world where nothing exists there is nothing that can distract the viewer in any way. Vincenzo has decided to use a reasonable amount of close-up head shots to make it more interesting and it actually works quite well. Director of Photography Derek Rogers also has a nice way of teasing the audience by withholding visual information especially at times where a character sees something and reacts to it but we dont see it right away.<br /><br />Obviously this cant be an event driven film and its not. Much of the action happens outside their house when they move around in the void. And thats where some of the most hilarious scenes take place especially in the case of when Andrew discovers a candy bar.<br /><br />Now one could be thinking: How does nothing look like? Well it looks like nothing indeed. The entire world of nothing is white... white no matter in what direction you look. This is the weakness of this film... After an hour or less its getting extremely boring to look at and there has to be events to make sure its more interesting to look at. Thank God there are some. For example at times when the two lads due to the properties of nothing are able to jump really high as if nothing is made out of... tofu (as Andrew claims). Its fun to see how they are instantly able to use nothing to become gods of their own little society.<br /><br />One of the best parts of the film is the set... Production designer Jasna Stefanovic has done a beautiful job in this film the house in which these two guys live is so unnaturally fun to look at still it seems right for these two to be living in a place like this. All in all the production design is with no doubt one of the most powerful aspects of this film at it really makes the film worth watching...<br /><br />However the very best part of the film is the acting. Both David Hewlett and Andrew Miller really look like the professional actors they both are. The camera is on them for every second of the film and as previously said there are just about no props in the film they are really on a bare stage. With plenty of character development and some decent one-liners clever dialogue (at times hilariously stupid) it all works to that end - and this really moves the movie away from the low-budget area to well-crafted handwork.<br /><br />Lets talk a little about the visual effects because they are definitely worth mentioning. Nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equals any modern horror film. Theres a rather horrifying dream sequence in the film and although The Drews have milked that scene completely its still fun to watch. One of the best visual effects in the film is at the end where Andrew and Dave suddenly discover their powers in this environment - they have the abilities to wish everything away so what if they can do it the other way around and make things appear?<br /><br />Nothing is a bright and well-lit movie it really helps promoting the idea of them probably being dead (this is in fact one of their theories) but Nothing is a comedy and it slowly destroys its own theory. We dont know where they are or what has happened to them. We dont know if they will ever get out because the movie ends before we see anything like that. The ending by the way is not as good as it couldve been. Its rather easy to predict what is going to happen still the writers have thought up a few incidents that help make it a little more interesting and in the end its a reasonably satisfactory one.<br /><br />Take Hollow Man Kill Bill Cube Epoch and lots of other films and you have Nothing. It really is an amalgam of different styles still there is no other film (at least that I know of) Nothing is really like. For the people remembering the original Cube Production Commentary on its DVD may remember that Vincenzo Natali talked about how he came up with the story of Cube. He talks about him and André Bijelic having been room-mates at a time and they both were in this extremely dull room with no hope of getting out Nothing could very well be the screened version of the origin of the Cube story and to that end its almost like one of the Cube prequels.<br /><br />What can I say? I enjoyed Nothing it is a great movie and the different parts of the movie are extremely well-made with tons of intelligent ideas still I feel the movie is missing something and I have problems finding out precisely what it is... Maybe if we have a Nothing 2 I can answer that question. Nothing is a great film but not as good as I expected it to be.<br /><br />Final rating: 7.5 / 10',pos

'The funniest performance was by Shalom Harlow as Matt Dillons supermodel girlfriend. She was more interesting to me than all the lead actors. This movie got it all wrong; even the most dependable actress of the century Joan Cusask was not able to rise about the ridiculousness of the plot. I did enjoy hearing Macho Man by the Village People over the closing credits. The rest of the movie might have been tolerable if it were to rise to that level of energy.',pos

'This was one film i wanted to watch always when it released The promos were eye catching and Govinda in a negative role was a surprise<br /><br />But the film isnt that good<br /><br />It has lot of flaws<br /><br />The start is good and till the murder everything goes well but the film falls flat when the romance track starts between Govinda and Karisma and the songs that follow<br /><br />Then the twist about Govinda and Tabu being in love leaves more doubts and flaws and then How come Govinda turns into a rich criminal from a poor villager?<br /><br />The last flashback too is prolonged and also the entire clash between Govinda-Karisma and Tabu<br /><br />N Chandra disappoints Music is okay Bahot Khoobsurat stands out<br /><br />Govinda tries a negative role and does very well in it though he overdoes it too much at times Karisma is good but irritates at times with her cries Tabu is okay Nirmal Pandey still doesnt know the difference between loud screaming and acting rest are okay',neg

'This film Blade Master may be cheap clumsy in appearance and it is sometimes but it shares thoughts on problems that are way beyond the era this film is set in. Ator is the chosen one that has to protect the earth against a terrible weapon that is compared in an unforgettable and unpredictable way to the atomic weapon. He goes through obstacles as a witful character who is just more than muscle power although he has quite is lot. I would say this aspect of the movie makes it surpass a film like Conan the barbarian which is the least I can say quite brainless. It doesnt diminish in any ways the great adventure movie that is Conan but it gives Ator his wholesomeness that he shares not with the barbarian. For a lower budget movie this film does good in terms of setting and the fights are most of the time believable. Zor the villain has with is prisoner throughout the film one of the most interesting psychological confrontation that gives tension to the movie even if Ator seems way too fit for the task to loose. <br /><br />What gives this movie that little extra are those scenes that may look quirky but worth of mention. The fight with the serpent god even though he is a gigantic puppet is well handled as the snake with good lightnings remains a silhouette and the fight is quite convincing. The movie climaxes in a most unusual way quite anachronic but breathtaking : the deltaplane sequence. The scene itself is not introduced properly read not at all where did Ator get that machine its pretty unconvincing but it leads to a really poetic and beautiful midair sequence that standalone is the culminating point in the movie elevating Ator in a place where few human fantasy heroes have been. <br /><br />If Blade Master is not among the great fantastic movies of all time is no surprise due to its lacks its a bigger surprise considering the philosophical way it chooses on the confrontation between good and evil the truth it speaks and the heart it shows that this movie is so unwlecomed. I suggest it for every fan of the genre and try take it seriously as an intelligent movie thats to be taken more seriously than it seems.',pos

'I had the good fortune to be at Perris Island in the fall of 1959. The DI showed one evening at the outdoor theater directly in front of our barracks Plt 162 B Co 1st Bn 1st ITR.<br /><br />Although we hadnt been there long enough to even think about seeing a movie we could hear those that were laughing. Its one of the many indelible memories of my thirteen weeks at PI.<br /><br />At some later date I got to actually see it in a theater. Im still convinced that to date it remains the most realistic portrayal of the experience in the late 1950s ever done. No one has done it better than Jack Webb...',pos

'I saw this movie in the middle of the night when I was flipping through the channels and there was nothing else on to watch. Its one of those films where you stop to see what it is - just for a moment! - but realize after twenty minutes or so that you just cant turn it off no matter how bad it is. One of those movies that is somewhere in between being so bad its good and so bad its well just plain BAD its worth seeing just to experience the confusion of realizing that its both! Great middle-of-the-night fare if only for the fabulous tennis drag. Dont even bother asking yourself why nobody can tell that Chad Lowe is so obviously male because logic does not apply.',neg

'This remarkable film can be summed up very easily. First of all while the comparisons to Princess Bride are inevitable its almost futile to do so. While both films combine adult wit and humor with a fairy tale backdrop Stardust is so much different than any other fantasy/sci-fi film Ive ever seen. Its such a hybrid of those genres but its plot and script are so unique that--along with the performances special effects cinematography and score--the finished product is simply not all that comparable to anything that has ever appeared on the silver screen. Secondly the score is very effective at simultaneously pulling us into the story and the fantasy world in which it takes place and pushing the story along while creating just the right amount of awe and excitement necessary to make the magic believable within the realm where the characters exist. Thirdly I did not find the film to be even remotely difficult to follow or confusing in any way. In fact the interesting interplay between the three main subplots actually made it even that much more compelling to watch. Wonderfully casted and superbly acted across the board. This fantasy adventure (with sci-fi elements) was the best one Ive seen since Return of the King (not that I am comparing the two at all). OK so its not that easy to sum up but dont let any crude and/or heartless and cynical review nor the films pathetic PR prevent you from partaking in the best time you could have at the movies this summer (or even possibly in a long time)!',pos

'---what happened to these unlikeable people. Alan Arkin was as usual unfunny and just walks through the role. The kids are all a mess. Mariesa Tomei probably wishes this role had never come her way. And what are Carl Reiner and Rita Moreno doing in this really bad mean movie? If you enjoy watching losers wallow in their disfunction and not try in any way to do better this is your film. All others take a walk read a book or see something else.<br /><br />Jane',neg

'***1/2 Scarlett Johansson Woody Allen Hugh Jackman Ian McShane Romola Garia. Directed by Woody Allen. Just after his work with Johansson on Match Point the two return for Scoop a Corky zany and fun comic ride. When a student reporter (Johansson) finds out a new scoop from a deceased reporter (McShane) when she enters the materializer of a lame magician (Allen). The scoop being of the new Tarot Card killer in London who might be preppy Peter Lyman (Jackman); while Sondra and Sid are playing detective Sondra falls in love for the handsome would be killer. Allen has finally hit a mark not as good as Match Point but definitely more fun. I laughed a lot more than I expected one of the years must sees',pos

'Did Uwe Boll seriously just rip off the basic idea and dialogue from Se7en?! Why is it so fekking difficult for this douchebag to be original?! He even mentioned in an interview with Gametrailers that he chooses stuff like games to make into movies because the characters plots backstories and so on are already there and ready for him to screw with.<br /><br />Guess it isnt too much of a stretch for him to rip off another movie entirely...<br /><br />I mean seriously what the hell...? Heres something I made in Uwes honor...<br /><br />http://zuucka.deviantart.com/art/Uwe-Boll-is-a-Douchebag-70369862',neg

'I saW this film while at Birmingham Southern College in 1975 when it was shown in combination with the Red Balloon. Both films are similar in their dream-like quality. The bulk of the film entails a fish swimming happily in his bowl while his new owner a little boy is away at school. A cat enters the room where the fish and his bowl are and begins to warily stalk his prey. The boy begins his walk home from school and the viewer wonders whether he will arrive in time to save his fish friend. The fish becomes agitated by the cats presence and finally jumps out of the bowl! The cat quickly walks over to the fish gently picks him up with his paws and returns him to his bowl. The boy returns happily to his fish none the wiser.<br /><br />The ending is amazing in both its irony and its technical complexity. It is hard to imagine how the director couldve pulled the technical feat back in 1959 -- it seems more a trick for 2003.<br /><br />If you can find it watch it -- you wont be disappointed! And if you *do* find it let me know so I can get a copy too!',pos

'I have seen three other movies that are worse than this one Plan 9 from Outerspace Side Hackers and the dreaded Blair Witch Project There are so many technical errors in this movie that regardless of a decent plot the movie just isnt believable.<br /><br />Lets start with an AMTRAK train with no skirts or handrails between cars. The killer walks up behind his victim as she moves from car to car and just pushes her off the train.<br /><br />In one scene a killer sneaks into a womans apartment. He wants to sneak up on the woman to kill her so what does he do? He turns up her stereo! If I heard my stereo suddenly get louder Id be concerned. He kills the women by throwing an electric hair curler into the tub. I was amazed to see that an electric hair curler with a five foot cord could be tossed ten feet and remain plugged in. Plus the apartment looked modern enough to have ground fault outlets in the bathroom and the victim was still electrocuted.<br /><br />The Boeing 747 is one of the most well known commercial airliners on the planet so this part really amazed me. First the cockpit was not even close to a real 747 and second it wasnt on the top deck of the plane. I watched in utter amazement as the pilot and co-pilot (Where was the flight engineer?) walked right past the spiral staircase and headed forward towards the nose of the airplane.<br /><br />I was also amazed that bullets wouldnt penetrate an aluminum serving cart (good thing for our hero) or bathroom doors but would penetrate the ceiling causing a fuel leak that exited through a small hole in the fuselage. Huh? Watching three guys lengthen a runway by 100 yards in less than a week was pretty amazing as well.<br /><br />I didnt check was this a movie of the week or something? It was terrible.',neg

'Now Ive always been a fan of Full Moons puppet work. But I have to say that Robot Jox is one of there better projects. Yes you heard me. The story works wonderful the atmosphere really works and the actors do a first rate job. Gary Graham who really makes his mark on TV in shows like ALIEN NATION THE SERIES and STAR TREK ENTERPRISE shows that he can be an action star who kicks ass and takes name. The stop motion effects could have been a tiny bit better. The color was wrong they look plastic to me instead of the metal they were suppose to be. But that is a minor complaint compared to the whole that is the Robot Jox if you like Gary Graham or other Full Moon movies then you will like this movie. 9 STARS OUT OF 10.',pos

'Who are these They- the actors? the filmmakers? Certainly couldnt be the audience- this is among the most air-puffed productions in existence. Its the kind of movie that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot TOO much fun nobody is getting any actual work done and that almost always makes for a movie thats no fun to watch.<br /><br />Ritter dons glasses so as to hammer home his characters status as a sort of doppleganger of the bespectacled Bogdanovich; the scenes with the breezy Ms. Stratten are sweet but have an embarrassing look-guys-Im-dating-the-prom-queen feel to them. Ben Gazzara sports his usual cats-got-canary grin in a futile attempt to elevate the meager plot which requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic. In the meantime the budding couples respective children (nepotism alert: Bogdanovichs daughters) spew cute and pick up some fairly disturbing pointers on love while observing their parents. (Ms. Hepburn drawing on her dignity manages to rise above the proceedings- but she has the monumental challenge of playing herself ostensibly.) Everybody looks great but so what? Its a movie and we can expect that much if thats what youre looking for youd be better off picking up a copy of Vogue.<br /><br />Oh- and it has to be mentioned that Colleen Camp thoroughly annoys even apart from her singing which while competent is wholly unconvincing... the country and western numbers are woefully mismatched with the standards on the soundtrack. Surely this is NOT what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the movies title is derived) had in mind; his stage musicals of the 20s may have been slight but at least they were long on charm. They All Laughed tries to coast on its good intentions but nobody- least of all Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to put on the brakes.<br /><br />Due in no small part to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten this movie has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich- he even bought it back from its producers then distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when it didnt prove popular. His rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of Hollywood stories so theres no joy in criticizing the film... there _is_ real emotional investment in Ms. Strattens scenes. But Laughed is a faint echo of The Last Picture Show Paper Moon or Whats Up Doc- following Daisy Miller and At Long Last Love it was a thundering confirmation of the phase from which P.B. has never emerged.<br /><br />All in all though the movie is harmless only a waste of rental. I want to watch people having a good time Ill go to the park on a sunny day. For filmic expressions of joy and love Ill stick to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy...',neg

'I first saw this film during and International Film Studies course. I am a non-traditional student and perhaps for reasons of years-lived or wisdom-accrued appreciated the slow reflective pacing of the films narrative. Languorous with the heat and dust of an arid clime the story is deeply psychological replete with multi-layered symbolism and an articulate inversion of the theme of being the Other in a land that one does not understand. the understanding that does come is fraught with the unresolved memories and subjectivity of the outsider. Made nearly 20 years ago it is also a forerunner in a genre of numerous other international films that explore the themes of colonials in colonized spaces clueless to the nuances of the cultures into which they have entered. Much more lavishly filmed---and heavily financed--- works that have been made since reflect the same themes: Indochine Nowhere in Africa are two that in comparison perhaps make Chocolat seem pale and boring. It has no adrenaline-pumping action or extreme violence. The struggles are mental emotional and subtle. But that being said it is a fine film worth a viewing.',pos

'I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now Ive seen the film!! What a ride! And what a trip to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a courageous wise funny and talented spirit! And what a Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon the excitement of rafting through some rapids the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi and the phone calls home and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by everyone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are models of strength and courage. And the Crew members are testaments to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they documented accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many many lives. By raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research this film will help accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.',pos

'The message of Hero is quite clear: the idea of Greater China is more important than the death and the suffering of millions. At a time when China is dangling its war toys over Taiwan it is unacceptable for Western viewers to endorse this piece of over-produced government-sponsored dogmatic trash.<br /><br />Particularly surprising is the promotion of this film by the liberal media. Roger Ebert of Chicago Tribune David Edelstein of Slate Charles Taylor of Salon and many others have wholeheartedly endorsed Hero. In so doing they have implicitly legitimated its reactionary political message. The only critic (that I know of) who saw through the films glossy facade was J. Hoberman of The Village Voice who wrote of the films sanctimonious traditionalism and its glorification of ruthless leadership and self-sacrifice on the altar of national greatness. I for one sign my name under Hobermans final pronouncement: Hero is nothing more than fascinating fascism.',neg

'My Brother And I Have Pokemon 4Ever On DVD. We Watched It Like A Couple Of Times And It Was The Best. Too Bad It A New Pokemon Didnt Talk This Time. Ill Get Used To It.<br /><br />The Iron Masked Marauder Was Pretty Mean When He Captured Celebi With His Dark Ball. Good Thing Ash And Sam Managed To Snap Him Out Of His Control.<br /><br />There Was Only One Song In The Ending Credits Called Cele-B-R-A-T-E Performed By Russell Velazquez.<br /><br />Pokemon 4Ever Became A Success Since The Three Previous Films And People Will Always Love That Film.',pos

'Okay Ill admit that if I didnt have kids I never would have seen this film and would never see it. But considering all the rotten kids movies I have seen (such as SPY KIDS 2 or BABE: PIG IN THE CITY) this is a significant improvement. And it had enough in it that I wasnt totally bored out of my skull or contemplated suicide (something I did repeatedly in the other two movies). Sure the performances are pretty broad and the plot is kinda silly--but it IS a kids film. And compared with other films in the genre this is definitely better than average. Frankie Muniz and Amanda Bines actually appear to have some talent and probably will continue to have careers after puberty--at least on infomercials or doing voice-overs.<br /><br />So if you are looking for a film to see with your kids you certainly could do a lot worse!',pos

'How can anyone argue the fact that Urban Cowboy was and still is the best document of Texas life for the time period. Consider the following: men beat their wives get drunk at bars nightly get married to settle a fight commit adultery and compete on mechanical bulls. Try and name a movie that depicts real life so vividly. They dont make them anymore. It seems current films are always about people with lots of money they live in huge homes drive expensive cars and dont work. This movie has a celebration scene about getting a trailer for petes sake !<br /><br />Anyway I watch it at least once a week. No kidding. I have dissected this movie from end to end. feel free to email me to learn more about my reason for calling it a documentary. Consider the following scenes: Bud sees Sissy - they are split up - he amicably honks and waves she flips him the bird - he returns half the peace sign honking his horn to add impact then tears off.<br /><br />Buds mom calls him approx. 18 hours after he gets into town on a Sunday to see if he has a job yet - all he has accomplished is getting drunk and laid(x2) with help from his uncle and aunt who cover for him.<br /><br />You all live like pigs Think about why this scene is needed. Think about it. Was it necessary ? Could we not figure it out without showing the filthy sink ? God I love that !<br /><br />Sissy allows Wes to help her ride the bull. Only a few days (or possibly the next day) after Wes just kicked the crap out of her husband. Steve asks - Hey Sissy remember Wes ? Oh yeah didnt you beat my husband up the other night so lets get this lesson goin to make no mention of the fact that she seeks solace in him later during one Bud and Sissys many fights which by the way all take place in public - in Gilleys !<br /><br />The Wedding reception picture taking session (oh the humanity !) could they at least arrange or move the chairs out of the way. My legs are sweatin momma<br /><br />In conclusion you dont put scenes like this in a movie to try and show insight into human psychology. It is a documentary of real life.<br /><br />I only wish there was a directors cut....',pos

'Going into the movie with the right expectations I somewhat liked this movie. Like most reviewers who have seen this movie I fully agree that the plot was razor thin clichéd and I could predict every plot twist from the very beginning of the movie. But the dancing sequences were VERY well done and I really enjoyed the fusion of classical and hip-hop dance (both which I enjoy watching). The music/soundtrack of the movie was also very good which made the drama scenes more bearable. The leads (Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum) were OK as actors but their dancing throughout the movie was impressive and mesmerizing.<br /><br />All in all a movie worth watching if you like to watch good dance sequences and this movie is MUCH MUCH MUCH better than You Got Served in terms of the plot and drama. Then again that doesnt say much does it? =P',neg

'As a bit of a Michael Dudikoff fan I sat down to watch one of his good old-fashioned actioners - Im still waiting.<br /><br />The film is based around a group of US commandos trying to get rid of a bunch of Syrian terrorists who have taken over a nuclear reactor. Maddie Reese (Felicity Waterman) was an English member of the commando unit and of course she became romantically involved with Tom Dickson (Dudikoff). I must ask since when have the Brits had female SAS members - as far as I know if they are ever needed they are got from other sources. Even if they did I can pretty much guarantee they wouldnt be as wet as Maddie Reese. I would also think that Tom Dickson would be a little more responsible in his position - or have I lost the plot?! I know there is always the romantic angle in these films as it helps provide the feelgood factor but does it have to be throughout especially when theres more important things to be taken into consideration - like nuclear warfare!<br /><br />The signing of the treaty on the US aircraft carrier intrigued me. The sacred pen as carried by one of the supposed TV news crew - are there were no security checks to find out who or what goes on board one of these ships especially with the calibre of people that was on it. Mind you if there was I suppose there would be no story.<br /><br />I could go on but when it got to inner body bomb defusion in order to safely remove a bullet I gave up on the action drama movie bit and enjoyed it for the comedy it actually was.<br /><br />By the way would a news reporter really say Downtown Damascus??',neg

'THE BROKEN is part of the After Dark Horrorfest III. Not a slasher or filled with gore. Plenty of broken glass and mirrors in this edgy thriller from France and writer/director Sean Ellis. A successful radiologist Gina McVay(Lena Headly)inters a strange world as her life seems to spiral out of control. While attending her fathers(Richard Jenkins)birthday party the guests are stunned when a mirror crashes to the floor for no obvious reason. Things get really strange when she witnesses a woman that is the spitting image of herself driving down a London street in a car identical to her own. Gina sneaks to her doppelgangers apartment and finds a photo of herself with her father. She drives away and is involved in a head on collision. Then mysteriously her boyfriend is not the same; to be exact family and friends are not easy for her to trust. Is Gina beside herself? Is she in a parallel world? Her nightmares become more horrific...is she broken?<br /><br />Kudos if you can figure this one out...it wont be easy. Editing couldnt be any tighter. Lighting is questionable. Other players: Melvil Poupard William Armstrong Michelle Duncan and Ulrich Thomsen.',neg

'Hardware Wars rips off EVERYTHING in Star Wars. But if you are planning on doing any parody you need to do it just a bit better than this. Not that there is anything wrong per se with Hardware Wars but if you spoof do it well or not at all.',neg

'Let us assume for a moment that you havent experimented with the psychotropic mushroom and youre wondering about the so called bad experience and just how something like that might play itself out Well go ahead and pop in a fresh copy of The Beguiled. See with film you have your clean trips (Solaris and anything else directed by Andrei Tarkovsky) whack trips i.e. the experience-from-which-you-never-recover (Sweet Movie and El Topo) and youre bad organic trips a category specifically reserved for a film like The Beguiled which is the sort of content those keen writers at the Times who made all the right decisions with their lives and graduated from the Harvard Department of English refer to as hallucinogenic in tone. By the third act of this Don Siegel directed movie you may not exactly observe that your two lead-heavy hands have become shrunken and assume all the characteristics of a burrowing insectivorous mammal nor will you exactly fall under the suspicion that your spine has achieved the same sinuous shape and knotty texture of a pomaceous fruit baring tree incalculable in age but you will feel something.<br /><br />In 1970 when this film was filmed most Americans were looking for an anodyne for their collective pain a movie like The Graduate perhaps a lot of world-endism was going on and of course you had the nightmare break down of war in Vietnam. What you get with The Beguiled banal drug metaphors aside is a screenplay adapted from a novel by a guy who at least for the moment wanted to be known as Grimes Grice and direction from the director who helped bring about the work and career of Sam Peckinpah. In the Beguiled Donny Siegel born in 12 Chicago Il. less than 45 years after The Great Fire is showing his attempt at grappling with all that contemporary cultural madness of the early 1970s in the form of a classical film artifact. The Beguiled is an incredible film and an outstanding contribution to the cinematographic arts in almost every aspect: the shooting editing direction and story are all fantastic and youre not likely to see anything else like it. Undoubtedly a sinister film its effects as Ive said both dizzying and adulterating; frankly its hard to believe would ever Universal attached its name to this picture but you are going to see upon viewing some of the sweet sweet camera moves and cinematographer Bruce Surtees exploiting every bit of dark myth you harbor in your head about the American Plantation South conflating beauty with evil in every location shot. Clint Eastwood needless to say has never been like this. Old Clint he moves at instant from coy to livid his eyes like two Archimedean spirals in medium close up. The rest of the cast is equally exacting and uncanny.<br /><br />This Beguiled will never make the AFI 100 in my lifetime but that doesnt stop me from positing that its one of the best American synch sound films ever made. While most people catalogue it as a western to include the folks at The Western Channel The Beguiled is a problem because you dont really know what it is: A sort of war movie? A drama? Psychological thriller? Maybe the answer to all those emotionally wrought Noir films starring Kirk Douglas? I actually call this piece a horror film because when my old man who likes to kick back with the cheap gratuitous violence projected in entertainments like The Wire saw that high angle medium long shot of Geraldine Page wrapping a tourniquet around Clints bloody leg Pa was pretty quick to suggest we watch something else like the Outback Bowl right before he absconded to another room. My advice: watch this one and make sure it is on a very large screen preferably run on that DPL home theater projector youre contemplating. I would put The Beguiled right on order along with that important consumer purchase turn the overheads out throw some cinematic light up on the big blank wall and try not to lose your grip because just like Norman Bates We all go a little mad sometimes even the beguiled.',pos

'The movie is not as funny as the directors preceding (and only other) movie Shanghai Noon. Showtime did have its moments but it did not satisfy me. Why it needed to be so foulmouthed I dont know but I give Showtime **/****',neg

'Maggie Smith and Peter Ustinov as a very unlikely couple in a very not likable film at all.<br /><br />The film shows promise for Ustinov is released from prison for embezzling. He convinces Robert Morley to go away so that he can assume his identity and begin hacking away at computers at a very fancy firm run by Karl Malden and Bob Newhart another unusual duo for films.<br /><br />Morley sounds just as he did in 1938s Marie Antoinette. Perhaps he needed to return to that genre.<br /><br />This film is ridiculous at best. Hard to believe that the following year Maggie Smith totally changed her ways and gave a shattering Oscar performance in The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie.<br /><br />Ms. Smith is made out here to be an apparent dumb-red head but by films end she is the brains of the outfit. Too bad the writing didnt go the way with her.',neg

'The Treasure Island DVD should be required viewing in any film production course! Its a textbook example of how NOT to make a movie. Watching the movie and then listening to the writer/directors commentary demonstrates graphically the vast chasm between what he knows about the characters and what he communicates to his audience about them. Call me old-fashioned but I think of movies as a means of communication and communication isnt complete if the audience doesnt know what the hell the director is talking about. The directors avowed purpose is to make a movie void of Hollywood conventions. Among those conventions alas is consistency of character and clarity of concept. The director himself realizes that audiences often dont understand points where he has purposely avoided a Hollywood cliché. However he never seems to grasp the idea that clichés exist for a reason. They are shorthand for conveying complex ideas quickly and clearly. Its fine to avoid them but they need to be replaced with some other way of communicating the same idea not simply eliminated. The film is built on an intriguing premise rich with potential. Two puppets are assigned to fabricate a personality and background for an unidentified corpse that is to be used in a disinformation mission in the closing days of WWII. Soon each begins to populate their personal fantasies with the character and their invention becomes increasingly real to them. Someone with less disdain for the Hollywood convention of traditional storytelling could create a wonderful film with this idea. This film certainly isnt it! The puppets do everything they can to bring consistency to these characters but they are all too often defeated by the dazed and confused script. In particular Im becoming increasingly impressed by Gonzo who plays the lively corpse. In a number of muppet films he always stands out as a very charismatic puppet.',neg

'In life we first organize stones (Piedras in Spanish) such as a career family friendship and love. In this way we shall find space between these to fit smaller stones our small necessities. If you act in an inverse way you will not have enough room for larger stones. The five protagonists in this film are women who have not been able to organize the large stones in their lives. Ramon Salazar a Spanish motion picture director defines his first feature Stones in this way. The film tells the parallel conflicting trajectory of five women: Anita (Monica Cervera 1975-) Isabel (Angela Molina 1955-) Adela (Antonia San Juan 1961-) Leire (Najwa Nimri 1972-) and Maricarmen (Vicky Pena 1954-).All are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or worst that are in their shoes. They are five Cinderellas in search of Prince Charming and a new chance in life. The best story of these five Cinderellas is that of Anita (Monica Cervera) who also stars in 20 Centimeters Busco Crimen Ferpecto Entre Vivir y Sonar Hongos and Octavia. Sarge Booker of Tujunga California',pos

'...And there were quite a few of these. <br /><br />I do not like this cartoon as much as many others partly because it was made in its period. I much prefer cartoons with Daffy and Bugs which are fifteen or so years before-hand. Many people will like this particularly people who always find violence funny cartoon or not.<br /><br />The basic plot is a pretty well known one for Looney Tunes: Elmer goes out hunting Daffy leads him to Bugs and Daffy ends up being shot instead. Also inserted are quite clever and highly entertaining jokes (some do not enhance the episode) ugly shooting and animation which is slightly mediocre. The plot is mainly geared by jokes - each joke keeps the episode going. This way of plot-going is not all that unusual in Looney Tunes (of course if you are pretty much a Looney Tunes boffin - or an eager one - like me then youll know this already).<br /><br />For people who love everything about Looney Tunes and Daffy Duck and like the sound of what I have said about it enjoy Rabbit Seasoning!<br /><br />7 and a half out of ten.',pos

'probably the best horror movie in 5 years.. theres been lame remakes attempts to make you scared (when all they make you do is walk out of the theater) and movies that just shouldnt have been made. but this one is worth it. the only reason i didnt give it a 10 is because Paris Hilton is in it (but her death scene makes up for it believe me)..<br /><br />..so here they are.. the SPOILERS of all the death scenes in the movie..<br /><br />1. my favorite death scene ever - Paris Hiltons! after finding her boyfriend Blake laying on the ground with a knife sticking out of his neck Paige starts to run. well speed walk is more respectable. she finds this like garage with all these cars in it. then (one of) the killers cuts her ankle from below (this whole time shes holding a HUGE metal spike)so she drops it and runs and hides behind this car. the killer picks it up and as she looks through the window he throws it through the window and it shoots through her forehead.. Ive NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED OR LAUGHED SO HARD IN MY LIFE.<br /><br />2. Paiges boyfriend Blake gets a knife stabbed into his neck and then the killer walks up to him (while hes on the ground) and steps on it pushing it farther into his throat.. then he dies.<br /><br />3. Elisha cuthbert (carly)(one of the hottest chicks EVER) doesnt die PHEW but she does get her lips super-glued together punched in the face and gets part of her index finger chopped off (yeah i felt like heaving) 4. Carlys twin brother nick also survives but not without getting his ass kicked and a stab wound to the leg.<br /><br />5. nicks best friend Dalton gets thrown down a flight of stairs and then is decapitated. his body is dragged away and we see his eyes blink.. then he gets covered in wax.<br /><br />6. wade (Carlys boyfriend) gets his Achilles tendon snipped by a massive pair of scissors and then is attacked by the same scissors. he doesnt die but hes covered in wax and on 2 occasions his skin is accidentally removed revealing his nasty bloody flesh. YUMMY.<br /><br />..so there it is. Definitely WORTH YOUR MONEY.',pos

'Ice Age is one of the cartoon movies ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the companys first. We are introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge AND PLEASE NOTE: the sound of Scrats screams is the sound of Toms screams from the Tom and Jerry cartoons) a woolly mammoth named Manny (voiced by Ray Romano of Everybody Loves Raymond) a sloth named Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo of Titan A. E.) and a saber toothed tiger named Diego (voiced by Denis Leary of Pixars A Bugs Life).<br /><br />The movie opens with Scrat trying to bury an acorn and right after that he caused an avalanche. We then see a herd going south for the coming Ice Age (except for Manny who is going the other way looking for other mammoths that looked like him). Sid comes out of his cave yawning and saw that his family abandoned him. He then pays toll with some aardvarks. Unfortunately he gets pursued by Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston of 3rd Rock from the Sun) a female orange sloth who wants Sid to go migrating with her. Sid eventually teams up with Manny and they became friends.<br /><br />Meanwhile nearby a human tribe Soto (voiced by Goran Visnjic) an evil saber toothed tiger wants revenge against the tribes leader for wiping out half of his pack just by stealing his infant son Roshan away from him. In the morning he Diego and Sotos henchmen Lenny (voiced by Alan Tudyk) Oscar (voiced by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (voiced by Jack Black) attacked the tribe but the leaders wife escaped with Roshan and gave him to Manny and Sid to look after. Eventually Diego joins them and went on a journey to return Roshan back to his tribe who are also looking for him as well. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out okay? Besides Manny Sid Diego Scrat Sylvia and Roshan the supporting characters in there including a pack of wolves that Roshans tribe are using and not to mention a fat female purple sloth named Jennifer (voiced by Jane Krakowski) and a skinny female yellow sloth named Rachel (voiced by Lorri Bagley) to whom Sid shows them Roshan as they relax in a tar pit. Incidentally the two rhinos Carl (voiced by Cedric The Entertainer of PDIs Madagascar) and Frank (voiced by Stephen Root of Pixars Finding Nemo) who go after Sid for ruining their meal and confront Manny on a cliff are simple minor characters. Same went for the dodos who are using melons as their food supply.<br /><br />The gags in this movie are very funny. For instance Manny talks through his trunk saying IM NOT GOING! When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the tar pit Sid asks Jennifer What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens? Jennifer then responds to him What do you say if you go jump into the TAR PIT!? Rachel also then kicks Sid in the waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid by the neck with his teeth then she asks Sid if hes holding his breath tells Diego to eat him and promptly walks off.<br /><br />Since Ice Age is not only a success but it has 2 sequels: the first one was Ice Age: The Meltdown which was released in 2006 and the other was Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs which is going to be releasing next year. I can hardly die waiting to see what Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs will be like.',pos

'This film reeks of production line planning. It appears like the filmmakers looked at recent hit movies and threw spaghetti on the screen - Jimmy Stewart! June Allyson! Anthony Mann! Baseball! War! Baby! Airplane! - ROLL EM! - The film does address the age of the Stewart/Allyson performers; though Im certain we are still supposed to think they are much younger.<br /><br />There are messages in Strategic Air Command I found curiously shocking and offensive but Ill stick with one truly wretched element: The happily married couple is challenged when Mr. Stewarts character makes an important decision without consulting his wife. In the films most dramatic scene she calls him on it. It ends completely unresolved - Allyson is crying her heart out on their bed and Stewart walks out on her. NO discussion; he simply says he is correct and walks out on his devastated wife. For all he knows she could slit her wrists.<br /><br />Later Allyson apologizes for questioning her husbands decision.<br /><br />Unbelievable! <br /><br />Stick with Stewart-Allyson in The Stratton Story (1949). <br /><br />** Strategic Air Command (3/25/55) Anthony Mann ~ James Stewart June Allyson Frank Lovejoy',neg

'The MTV sci-fi animated series Æon Flux is brought to life with Charlize Theron playing the title character a freedom fighter who fights oppression in the walled city of Bregna 400 hundred years into the future. For her latest mission she has been sent to kill the citys leader Trevor Goodchild (Marton Csokas) but she uncovers secrets along the way.<br /><br />Aeon Flux falls under the category of good premise mediocre execution. Interesting story yet the film was a little dull. A lot of people are saying that this is one of the worst movies of the year and thats not true at all. It may be a disappointing film but its an average film at best. I have never seen the cartoon version of the movie so I cant compare the two. Its probably better because they have a chance to explain the story more. The film is not that confusing but its easy to get lost if youre not familiar with the material. The acting was alright nothing special. Charlize Theron gives a good performance and seems dedicated to the film. The rest of the cast also give decent performances including Jonny Lee Miller Frances McDormand and Marton Csokas. There are also more than a few interesting characters in the film including Sithandra Aeons friend.<br /><br />The problem with Aeon Flux is that it takes itself too seriously. It carries the same serious tone throughout the entire film and that gets a little tiring. Theres no humor and the film becomes a little boring at times. This is the same problem that Elektra had. Because the film is so serious the dialog sounds cheesy and the serious scenes seem forced. The action scenes are pretty good but thats not what the film is really about so dont go in expecting just an action movie. The twist at the end isnt mind blowing but its still a nice ending and better than other thrillers that have come out this past year (Hide and Seek). The costumes are little weird but still look nice and interesting. The visuals were are also done well so the film at least looks nice. So the movie may be a case of style over substance. Interesting to look at but may not hold your attention for a very long time. In the end its not the best film out there but it might for a decent rental. Rating 4/10',neg

'Bela Lugosi as creepy insane scientist who uses orchids to woo brides in order to steal life essence for aged wife. The midget in this film is hilarious!! A lot of freaks plus a lot of padding and no plot makes watching this film a nightmare. I loved how all the pieces fell together in the end in typical Hollywood fashion. The story never gets interesting and you feel helpless as you watch.<br /><br />Usually Id score bore flicks like this one low but the midget added just enough creepiness and entertainent to gain a couple more points.',neg

'What were given in this trying-to-be trendy film is a frat-pack of college friends now approaching age 30 (which we all know of course their generation thinks of as the new 20). Consisting of four guys and a gal we have thrust at us the following types: seemingly unemployeds and frequent drug users along with one individual who is job successful and one who is trying-to-be. They are all in their own way drifting while trying to find both a future and emotional happiness. With one possibly two exceptions these are people this reviewer would definitely never care to come close to modeling myself after. There is disappointment after disappointment after disappointment in almost all their lives. Except in the instance of one individual (who appears on the way to finding it) none appears headed toward emotional satisfaction in his/her life. And so about the only sincere moment in this film is when a knock at the door brings to the person answering it an unexpected and heartfelt I love you.<br /><br />With only the exceptions mentioned these people are the kind hardly deserving or worthy of several hundred thousands of dollars being thrown away in presenting their stories.<br /><br />PS--Writer/director Johnson definitely appears to have a problem with showing gay sexual scenes----with no such problems in presenting more prolonged and revealing heterosexual ones. Why might that be?<br /><br />****',neg

'A man and his wife get in a horrible car accident. When the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting her live. The decision is made even harder when he realizes her ghost wants to extract revenge on him and those around him.<br /><br />This comes to us from director Rob Schmidt who made Wrong Turn (a film I have not seen). With only one horror film under his belt and not a particularly notorious one at that I was a bit reluctant to watch this episode expecting Schmidt to be a Master of Horror in only the most liberal sense. My apologies to him for my underestimation. As of episode 10 in a 13 episode season this was actually the best one yet.<br /><br />The issue of the right to die is dealt with and covered in enough detail to be a solid plot device. However this is only the foundation on which the story revolves. Once the horror elements show up the film goes from decent to spectacular. Great acting great plot great dialogue great suspense. I was a little creeped out at times (which is good) and most of all: the gore is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode prior to watching it where the reviewer said there is a strong hint of Hellraiser in this. Through the first part of the show I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there is a bit later where some images do remind me of Hellraiser 2. However I in no way wish to say that this takes away from the film. I can see no other way to create the effect that was created and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than Hellraiser 2.<br /><br />Some plot twists show up later on and might invite the viewer to give the film a second look. I didnt watch it a second time but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not that its confusing). The subplot with the dental hygienist is also nice and I found myself going back and forth about whether I disliked the main character for his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. Hes somewhat of an anti-hero to the whole story if you will. I feel inclined to cheer for him as the protagonist but hes completely unlovable.<br /><br />While the Stuart Gordon episode may be better and Im excited about the Washingtonians episode I think I could safely bet that this is the key episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what was otherwise lackluster and routine. When legends like John Carpenter let me down (again) I get a bit worried about the genres future but then a fresh face like Rob Schmidt comes along and gives me hope. This one is a keeper and please bring Schmidt back for season 3!',pos

'Huge exhaustive and passionate summary of American cinema as seen through the eyes of Martin Scorcese. Needless to say there is never a dull moment in all of its 4 hour running time. Many genres periods and directors are all examined discussed more from the perspective of cinephile rather than contemporary director. For anyone even remotely interested in American films or cinema in general. A masterpiece and the best of the BFIs Century of Cinema series.<br /><br />',pos

'Got the chance to see this at a friends house today and was impressed with what it achieved on such a small budget. Not that this ever bothered me anyway since I love low budget sci-fi like Dr Who Blakes 7 and Dark Star. Hell even Outland wasnt a big budget affair so whilst money helps it takes more than throwing cash at things to make them good.<br /><br />The story is straightforward at first with a group of mercenaries paid to escort a prisoner through space. Their ship is attacked and they are forced to land on the nearest planet. They then discover the prisoner has made it too hes a stone cold nut case and thats only the start of their problems.<br /><br />The effects except for the gunfights are minimalistic and add to the film without overwhelming it. Computer effects look a bit dodgy at times but serve their purpose well and add to the story lending a futuristic feel to the proceedings. Films like I Robot could have benefited from this approach instead of being largely style over substance and substituting special effects for a plot like all too many of Hollywoods offerings.<br /><br />Whilst none of the actors get Oscar material its tightly scripted and shot and at an hour and ten minutes doesnt outstay its welcome. The characters dont get fleshed out much but then they didnt in Predator either which it resembles in feel. Big man Mike Mitchell is a good stand in for Arnie and is a good combination of brains and brawn.<br /><br />Some people may be annoyed at the lack of explanation towards the end but I like it. Unlike a lot of films and shows which leave things unexplained it is not so obscure that you cant get a handle on it at all and Id like to see a sequel where the nature of the aliens is explored further.<br /><br />A cracking little film from an enterprising team done on the cheap but a fun way to pass an hour. If this is what they can do on a shoestring Id like to see what they would do with a bit more cash and hope the film industry and the talentless armchair critics dont knock all the creativity out of them first.<br /><br />Recommended.',pos

'What an absolute pile of pants. Having read Chris Brookmyres books religiously since I came across Quite Ugly... I was delighted to find out that this drama had been commissioned.<br /><br />I obviously had too much faith. <br /><br />Nesbitt is probably the best thing in this show - and even he doesnt quite fit. How anyone can read the book and then adapt it to this piece of dross is beyond me.<br /><br />Entire characters are changed situations are dropped and to see Parlablanes dramatic break-in reduced to Nesbitt doing a quick chin up and sliding open a bay window... it brought tears to my eyes.<br /><br />I dread to think whats going to happen with Country Of The Blind if this is the benchmark...<br /><br />Please just avoid it...',neg

'Devil Dog sets your heart racing. Its brilliantly paced the ending comes like a bolt out of the blue and plunges itself into the very centre of your being. Youll never look at your dog the same way again. In fact youll start thinking of having it put down - BY A PRIEST! FANTASTIC!',neg

'Designed only to annoy (or amuse) any self-respecting intelligent person. If the directors intention had been for the viewer to dislike the title character then it would have been okay but I know that there is no such thing as a Hollywood director whod make a critique of Americas pro-Marxist 60s movement especially not a filmmaker from the 70s. There is so much idiotic dialog going on here that sometimes I wondered if I wasnt actually watching a comedy. You wouldnt be at fault for thinking that this is a satire  thats how naïve the movie appears. Spacek has been in her share of Leftist movies which brings me to the obvious inescapable conclusion that the redhead hick is one of those Hollywood liberal morons. But I mean arent they all? Nice boobs but s**t for brains.',neg

'Lonely among us definitely is one of the best first season episodes. The storyline although somewhat confusing creates a lot of suspense supported by the creepy synthesizer-driven soundtrack. This is a typically alien body invasion scenario but finally turning out to no evil purpose (the death of assistant chief engineer Singh to me was an accident). The two delegate species deliver an entertaining frame (best make-up so far) finally adding a little black humor to the series (the final scene). Patrick Stewart obviously enjoys stepping out a bit of his Picard character and exploring some new terrain as does Data by posing as Sherlock Holmes (another all time classic). The special effects are also convincing and director Cliff Bole did his job well. He is the first one trying to compensate Trois lack in acting ability by improving her looks. She does look beautiful in some scenes and the neck of her dress improves her appearance a lot. Picards lightning-scene on the bridge gives him a slight air of the emperor of Star Wars Return of the Jedi (which is a personal impression but made me smile).<br /><br />Theres also some playing with the lighting of the corridors (simulating night aboard) and the first moving camera pulling back from Picard when hes entering the transporter room to beam into the cloud... Nice work. The clever cutting creating continuing dialog through different scenes (Trois hypnosis report) rounds up the impression of a really well crafted TNG episode. The first one where even Wesley Crusher seemed almost tolerable... <br /><br />The ending however is a bit confusing just as if the producers were running out of time. P for Picard is a little far fetched and his return far too easy but that can be left aside regarding the many strong moments this episode has to offer...',pos

'Painting is seeing then remembering better than you saw. So says Dick Heldar (Ronald Colman) the painter in The Light That Failed.The movie is in the grand old Hollywood style starring Ronald Colman and a bravura supporting cast that includes Ida Lupino in her first important role dependable character actor Dudley Digges (who also co-starred with Colman in Condemned.)and a solid performance by the wonderful actor Walter Huston.<br /><br />The title and opening sequences of the film pretty much give away the fact that Dick will lose his sight. Hes blinded by gun powder discharge as he and childhood sweetheart Maisie (Muriel Angelus) are playing with a pistol. Later a wound while fighting in the Sudan is the catalyst for his blindness. He becomes a famous painter but hes already blinded by ambition and doesnt really reach his full potential until the point that his sight is leaving him. Enter bad girl Bessie (Ida Lupino) and his self destruction is set in motion. Lupino is very powerful in this role and plays off Colman very well. Her evil tart reminds me of Bette Davis in Of Human Bondage. <br /><br />Well acted and well directed this is one of my favorite Colman melodramas.',pos

'Presque Rien is a beautifully observed portrait of the experiences of a young French homosexual. Eschewing both stereotypes and preaching its a wonderfully naturalistic film superbly acted shot with a feel for the seaside town where the action takes place never melodramatic but often painfully real. If anything its almost too realistic as theres little in the way of conventional plot just scenes from a life. But the absence of conventional dramatic tension counts for less than it might in a world so subtly drawn. Presque Rien might not be the most exciting film ever made; but its simple humanism serves it well compared with the pre-conceived celebratory or bigoted viewpoints that often mar treatments of this theme. Worth a watch.',pos

'First of all I would like to clarify that I consider this one of the funniest films I have ever seen. I have watched it almost 10 times just because Ive wished to spread the deliciously tasteless innards of this film to other unsuspecting victims. It has the captivating essence of a hand-held camera recording of a distant nephews seventh birthday. It has all the writing of a WWE match. And most of all it has the consistency of a face scraped along a sidewalk. This movie is a masterpiece.<br /><br />The film begins with an almost instantaneous mutilation of three drunken teens in the desert. This scene convinced me that I was onto something big when I picked this film from the DVD rack (being drawn to the box because of the graphic of a velociraptor yelling the word RAPTOR on the front of it). The scene contains such treasures as tomato sauce spaghetti intestines vain attempts at humour and rubbery dinosaur puppets that repeat throughout the course of the movie. This movie is a masterpiece.<br /><br />The film contains erratic backdrops and prop use that causes ones mind to melt at the thought that someone could just have so little shame when it comes to creating a film. An example is when a truck in the middle of the night is parked beside a cliff wall. The very next day they find it in an open grassy area. The driver couldnt have driven it there since he had his face bitten off by an unnamed bipedal carnivore (I will explain why its unnamed in a second). So my only guess is that either the velociraptor drove it the livestock the driver was transporting did it or Jim Wynorski doesnt think very highly of his viewers. Hell in one part they expect me to believe that they are walking down a main street at night when the road doesnt have gutters the fire hydrant is precariously placed next to a phone booth and theres only a single street light. Yet still I feel compelled to watch and re-watch this film just so I can find more things that will make me giggle the next time I watch it. This film is a masterpiece.<br /><br />The directing on this film is horrific. Long extended pauses. Strange cuts to characters that werent even in the general vicinity of the conversation. People discussing things casually while facing the camera (and in turn making them face the wall). They cant even give the dinosaur a coherent species flipping between calling it a baby dinosaur and using a rubber velociraptor puppet (distinguished by the intensely long fat disproportionate claw). This film is a masterpiece.<br /><br />The editing is prominent on this film. This is not a good thing. I am well aware that the film is a collection of scenes from other films masterfully crafted into a single piece of crap but there has to be a limit! Sub plots end as abruptly as they began. Explanations for the sudden disappearance of characters not being limited to well not being explained at all! And an ending that felt like driving a muscle car into a brick wall without a seat belt. You just never know what is going to happen because the film doesnt follow a coherent structure. This film is a masterpiece.<br /><br />Now Im going to just have to mention a single scene (the greatest one) that occurs near the end. This is a spoiler but not really. The final scene contains a showdown between tyrannosaurus rex and Sheriff Tanner. It is like the showdown between Sigourney Weaver and the Alien Queen in Aliens except without all the emotional power/budget/epic battling. It pretty consists of Tanner ramming the dinosaur with a piece of construction machinery. A white bobcat. In a space of several minutes through a series of sneakily slipped in cuts the director manages to turn that white bobcat into a yellow forklift/crane looking piece of machinery. Now as I said I know that this film is made from scenes from other films but what two films warrant a showdown with a t-rex in a construction vehicle? This film is a masterpiece.<br /><br />This film gets a 1/10 for quality of film making but a 10/10 for how much it makes me laugh and enjoy myself.',neg

'Clubbed is yet another will-this-do? entry into the Brit fisticuffs genre and is sure to keep punters who arent expecting too much moderately entertained for ninety minutes after a few beers. However for anyone seeking intelligent quality entertainment its really best avoided.<br /><br />There are so many misnomers in the appalling script that even an actor of the calibre of Colin Salmon is left looking daft. The action is set in the 1980s but its never clear why especially when they havent been able to pull off any convincing feel for that decade - it takes more than a few 80s soul records on the soundtrack the occasional zoot suit and a handful of 30-year-old cars. Then we see central characters studying texts such as Sun Tzus The Art Of War and speaking about how violence should be a last resort while the same characters seem only too willing to start doling out punches with all the testosterone-fuelled unthinking abandon of a bunch of chavs fighting over a bag of chips.<br /><br />Character development does not exist in Clubbed. Nor does irony subtlety or pathos. This is a film which trades on fond memories of Guy Richies early gangster films which despite their flaws certainly had much more wit better editing snappier dialogue and packed more emotional punch than this limp little saga. Theyre a decade old now anyway - isnt it time we moved on from trying to emulate them?',neg

'I wish I could tell you that this film is as exciting as the theories it espouses. But I cant. Another species could have come and mutated while I waited for some action. For such a controversial man Darwin lived the most conventional life. If you didnt know about the mad theories you could almost mistake him for a stamp collector.<br /><br />The film-makers have cast Darwin as a dullard which does him a disservice. Even when he briefly loses his mind due to his tireless theorising it wasnt interesting to watch. Maybe great thinkers are dull people? I dont know what I was expecting: a forehead-banging eccentric with wild hair and eyes espousing his love of all things simian the glint of madness straining from a furrowed brow? A long-haired hermit who babbled to animals? A head-cradling lunatic with eyes lit up like beacons of truth? All of the above would have been great. This is the movies for Scorseses sake.<br /><br />But there was none of that. No lightning no thunder no wonder no awe. Just Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly fresh from the Subtle as Breath School of Method Acting. I imagine that someone with Darwins ideas had a brain like a speeding train so why did this film just pootle along - chug chug chug - like a slow winter? The disappointment is immeasurable.',neg

'Well this movie was probobly one of the funniest scary movie i have ever seen. The effects are so bad you just have to laugh and the acting well lets say its no mel gibson. But Gary Browning who plays an police officer is so damn bad he becomes good. I dont know how but he him self makes this movie a 10. You must see it if your in to horror/slash movies cause its bloody and funny at the same time. Killer movie.',pos

'I dont think Im spoiling anyones experience of this film by telling you not to see it if you have anything better to do like clean under the stove. It gets dirty under there and youve gotta clean it sometime. <br /><br />I think the movie suffers from a lack of sex and violence though there is one car chase stunt that looks so dangerous it could only have been filmed in a country where life is cheaper than beer. Gargoyles heart is in the right place but its aspirations are conservative. It is at least not pretentious. But I had a great time acting in it playing the perennial idiot in the horror movie who says Whats down this hole? and dies for his hubris. Plus I got to meet Michael Pare. Every film junkie should work with a B-movie staple at least once before death. And Romanians are the loveliest people Ive met. Literally the loveliest. Walk down the street in Bucarest: if 7 of every 10 women arent absolutely beautiful youre walking down a street I didnt come across; and be consoled by the fact that at least 5 of the 10 are available for drinks.<br /><br />Part of the film was shot in Casa Radio an abandoned unfinished Classic Communist Bloc-cum-Georgian Nightmare edifice originally intended to house KGB propaganda ministries i.e. Radio Not-so-Free Europe. The buildings five stories tall and takes up a city block; best of all while its facade radiates Big Brotheresque state solidity it resides near the city center like a post-apocalyptic ruin in a jungle of burdock and hemp peopled by dozens of Gypsies and scores of wild dogs. Construction on Casa Radio was suspended when Caucescu and his wife were executed on TV in 1989 and still there are gaping holes that drop from the sun-baked top floor (offering surreal vistas of a modern quarter-mile stretch of concrete roof decorated with jutting rebar and old car parts overlooking a crumbling ancient city) all the way down to the damp creepy sub-basement (which doubles in the film for the Gargoyle lair.) No American-style guardrails or warning signs for Bucarest. <br /><br />Since the demise of the Soviet Union Casa Radio has hosted several non-union film shoots including Highlander III. It is attractive to producers because its a cheap location massive in terms of scale and available space bizarre looking and free of insurance headaches as its still state property. Plus no one complains if you dont clean up after your production: anything left onsite is interpolated into the resident Gypsies construction of their shanty town in this actual urban jungle. <br /><br />An assistant director was bitten bloody by a wild dog during the shoot of Gargoyle. The apples provided by catering were pressed into service by cast and crew as projectiles in order to keep the prowling dogs at bay. I too was bitten by wild dogs in Bucarest once in a bar (!) and once in a city park. I also survived two car wrecks in two weeks both in taxis and neither of which was seen by the drivers involved as grounds for stopping the cars.<br /><br />GEEK NOTE: The Sci-Fi Network or Channel or whatever was one of the backers of this film (the smaller the budget the more producers on set) so its a little weird that nobody had a problem with the original title Gargoyles until it was almost time to show it on the network even though Sci-Fi already had an unrelated series of that name. The title was changed sometime relatively close to release as I have a color-corrected copy labeled with the former title.',neg

'New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis at the same time as coping with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. The strain produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals leads him to make serious errors of judgement and to fail to recognise the need for any code of conduct to be adhered to in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law. He has a track record of treating suspects and known criminals with gross brutality and this has brought him into conflict with his superior officers who have censured him for the amount of violence he has regularly used. Dixon cannot reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and has been left with a powerful need to live down his fathers reputation and to avoid fulfilling the low expectations that many people have of him as a consequence.<br /><br />When a rich Texan is murdered following an evenings gambling run by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill) Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells Dixons superior officer Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim had been accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine had committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paines apartment and questions the suspect who is both inebriated and uncooperative and when Paine punches him Dixon retaliates and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon goes on to dispose of the body in a nearby river. Paines wife is questioned and after describing what had happened at Scalises place adds that her father had gone to Paines apartment later that night to take issue with him about the fact that shed returned home with facial bruising. Paine had previously attacked her on a number of occasions and her father Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) had threatened that if it happened again he would beat Paine up. This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder. Nobody accepts Dixons explanation that Scalise had killed the Texan and then had Paine killed to eliminate him as a witness.<br /><br />Dixon continues to make various attempts to get Scalise convicted but eventually realises that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in Paines death and the cover up. He does this and also records that he is going alone to confront Scalise so that the police can arrest the gangster for Dixons murder. The confrontation with Scalise and the eventual means by which Dixon achieves his own redemption provide a tense and fitting conclusion to this gritty thriller.<br /><br />Dana Andrews strained and preoccupied expressions convey his characters perpetually troubled nature and his anxieties as he deals with a series of misfortunes which include and follow Paines accidental death. Dixon however isnt the only one to experience misfortune as Morgan a successful model loses her job because of all the trouble surrounding her. Her father whod some years earlier been awarded a diploma for assisting the police unjustly finds himself charged with a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine whod been a war hero had experienced unemployment and a loss of self esteem which led to alcoholism and wife beating and Scalise whod been set up in business by Dixons father also suffers his own misfortunes.<br /><br />Where The Sidewalk Ends is a thoroughly engaging tale involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.',pos

'Peter Fonda is so intentionally enervated as an actor that his lachrymose line-readings cancel out any irony or humor in the dialogue. He trades sassy barbs and non-witty repartee with Brooke Shields as if he were a wooden block with receding hair; even his smaller touches (like fingering a non-existent mustache on his grizzled face) dont reveal a character so much as an unsure actor being directed by himself an unsure filmmaker. In the Southwest circa 1950 a poor gambler (not above a little cheating) wins an orphaned would-be teen Lolita in a botched poker game; after getting hold of a treasure map promising gold in the Grand Canyon the bickering twosome become prospectors. Some lovely vistas and an odd but interesting cameo by Henry Fonda as a grizzled canyon man are the sole compensations in fatigued comedy-drama with the two leads being trailed by cartoonish killers who will stop at nothing until they get their hands on that map. Shields is very pretty but--although the camera loves her pouty glossy beauty--she has no screen presence (and her tinny voice has no range whatsoever); every time she opens her mouth one is inclined to either cringe or duck. *1/2 from ****',neg

'Jim Brown stars and produces a tale set in the Philippines just after the Japanese invasion. The story has the Japanese taking several navy men prisoner including some divers who they use to retrieve the gold that MacArthur had dumped into the Manila bay.<br /><br />Its a messy movie aiming to make a statement about war and racism (The film uses Edwin McCains War in a not so subtle montage). The performances are just adequate at best. Jim Brown is okay but he doesnt really show any sort of range in a performance that just has him standing there looking annoyed. The sets are serviceable but seem rather cheap. The film suffers from the outset due to a great deal of stock footage including many of the best known shots from the Japanese attack in Tora! Tora! Tora!. The use of such big budget sequence effectively makes the rest of the film look positively anemic; it also reminds one that there are better films out there one could be watching. For me the film seems to have half a real plot the retrieval of the silver and half a plot that is there just to fill time. None of it is particularly exciting even with the explosive finale.<br /><br />Given the choice Id take a pass.',neg

'Lets get this out of the way so the ones checking out this page looking for info on anything related to the word Breasts (and you know who you are googlers) can move along: this is not in any way pornographic. On the contrary if this has any value as masturbation material then frankly the filmmaker didnt do a good job since the aim is to keep it on subject and on the experiences of women and their bodies and images of themselves and society and health and so on. Indeed I would be a little circumspect of one who came across this on DVD or if it ever plays again late night on HBO or Cinemax and used it as a means for pleasure. You might as well go to the supermarket and pick up a pair of ripe melons and take them home and squeeze them and uh well you get the idea.<br /><br />No this is semi-serious film-making meant for premium late-night viewing but it shouldnt have to be just for the late-night types. This is intimate in setting but not in tone. All of the women in all their variety of shapes and sizes and races and even with one man thrown in with fake breasts have something of value to say from life experience in the most straightforward way. If I say semi-serious its due to the several little segments that the director feels she needs to throw in with the archival footage of old how-to videos about puberty and sex and breasts and super-rare cartoons with the knockers flying about. This isnt a problem but an asset: we need a few little visual seg-ways to go between these interviews.<br /><br />Nothing is held back and we see it as feminism in a liberating form: they dont need to cover up and even if they choose not to take their tops and shirts and bras off theyre still open as can be about a natural part of their body that is an object of sex surprise comfort discomfort curiosity motherhood and sadly cancer. In that last part theres another brave step taken as we see a woman who survived her cancer with only one breast. You know youve become mature and an adult when you can see this woman who has somehow gone on to live a semi-normal life with one breast (the most bittersweet moment is when she says if a fairy godmother said she could have one wish to have two full breasts she would have to think about it) and you dont snicker or go eww gross. Thats the test folks.<br /><br />Its not shot under the best of circumstances but then again for TV its edited with a tight pace. Its never dull for a moment and we never feel like anyone is holding back especially when a man might hear the hard truth like that breasts may not really be erogenous or that a flat chest is very attractive to some men. Breasts: A Documentary is about deconstructing myths with real faces and breasts and minds and hearts laid bare. If thats worthy of a I was alone session then well more power to you I guess though its not the intention.',pos

'This movie is a nice cute family oriented film. If you dont like violence this is the movie to watch. Only thing annoying about this movie is the tune (but its a catchy tune) repeats whenever c.h.o.m.p.s. leaps in to action.',pos

'ID BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR!!!<br /><br />I did buy this film for a dollar and Ive seen much worse for much more!!<br /><br />This is a Scottish sci-fi film from Mark Stirton and according to the Making of (hysterical by the way) the production only cost $8000. Eight grand!!! That wouldnt pay for half a minute in Hollywood!! Nevertheless ---- This is top fun film making. If you like things gritty then youre in for a treat. These are some rough character with rough voices and harsh swearing. I didnt mind but my girl friend did!! The actors do a fine job and its interesting to see people that Ive never heard of or seen before. It meant I had no idea who was going to die first.<br /><br />If you watch a movie for its latest of the latest visual effects then watch a Star Wars. The effects here are OK but kinda weak in space. But the monsters are very well done if a bit pred like.<br /><br />Stirton does an amazing job with not very much and Id love to see his take on a real Hollywood movie. It least it wasnt predictable and I almost fell off my chair when one dude got his head blown off!!! OK so it is a little derivative of other sci-fi but for this budget it is an amazing attempt and anyone who thinks making a sci-fi film for 8 gs is easy or happens a lot clearly knows nothing about the film industry.<br /><br />Good marks for a good film extra marks for working so hard extra extra marks for a really interesting Making of. No standard bull here all the problems of production are gone into making it like Lost in Mancha only with a film at the end. But why no commentary? KEEP GOING SCOTS!',pos

'this movie was rather awful Vipul Shahs last movie was good this one was just bad although its a good story and is handled in a great way Aatish Kapadia who adapted this movie from another gujarati play Avjo Wahala Fari Malishu made a good but slow pianful 2 and a half hours to watch there are a lot of flaws in this movie but its still a entertainer songs are rather bleaked out and dont work well but theyre still good overall not a movie you would enthusiastically watch its still a story to take in to account and its good if youre the relationship type pretty good movie with loads of flaws and humor thats really not needed even one bit',pos

'Why do they insist on making re-makes of great movies like High Noon From Here to Eternity and this one?<br /><br />Why do they think that color is more engrossing to a viewer than stark black and white?<br /><br />Why did Roberts insist on wearing that dopey broad-billed baseball cap?...it made him look like Jim Varney.<br /><br />Why would anyone spend four hours suffering through this?<br /><br />Watch the original. Then YOU wont have to ask yourself WHY.',neg

'We watched this on The Wonderful World of Disney on ABC last night and I came to the conclusion that things must be tighter there at the Mouse than usual. <br /><br />Since this movie only runs 74 minutes and they had to pad it out to 2 hours of broadcast television time they had and Im not making this up commercial breaks that lasted 6 to 7 minutes. And during these commercial breaks they had another advertisement in the guise of a TV show hosted by the oh-so-annoying Kelly Rippa that loudly proclaimed the magical wonders of Cinderella 2: Dreams Come True.<br /><br />Again and again break after break Disney took time out of the real movie to tell us the loyal viewers that we needed to get a copy of the sequel. Thank you Disney for doing us the service of creating a sequel to your beloved gem of a movie.<br /><br />Anyway all this commercialism and cash-register-ringing made it a difficult task to get into the actual movie of Cinderella because by the time the commercials were over I had forgotten where the story had left off.<br /><br />But of course the original Cinderella still maintains its magic and the story is still a good one though weve all seen it countless times. Its a shame they had to cheapen it with all the marketing for what looks to be a lame follow-up.',pos

'Ill say one thing for Herman USA: it will probably always play well to Minnesota audiences. I cant imagine that theres another place in the world where a reference to the fast life of Bemidji or a line like I knew there was something wrong with Iowa guys would bring down the house. I actually quite enjoyed the first hour or so. Basically a bunch of lonely country boys take out a personals ad and find their town beset with willing female suitors (is suitors a gender-specific word?). It aint progressive to be sure but its sorta charming in its own right. Pity that the filmmakers felt the need to tack on a contrived subplot about a conniving golddigger and her violent husband. Overall its just too cloying for its own good but youve got to give some props to a film with the guts to give a guy with Kevin Chamberlins build a nude love scene. I will always applaud the depiction of people who dont meet the usual standards of beauty as sexual caring human beings but thats not enough to redeem Herman USA. To paraphrase Jello Biafra its nostalgia for an age that never existed.',neg

'Seems like a pretty innocent choice at first- the name employee of the month might ring bells with Office Space and the show Office Clerk. I think not. This isnt even a dark comedy. The director of this movie whoever the guys name was a complete jerk and has a sick perverse mind. There is no pleasure in being lured into feeling sorry for a complete loser who cheats on his wife steals from his top-notch job and lies through his teeth 24/7. The second I walk in to the room when my family are watching it (and believe me they were only watching it more because they were praying that there would be at least some relief perhaps even some fable in the end sending a warm message of good justice done and when the good guys look good). All the good guys were killed so long ago that they had no time to look good. No memorial was made.<br /><br />This movie has borderline insanity. It disrespects the elderly the dead and women- and the director tries to make people to like it.<br /><br />I gave this movie a two only because the soundtrack was good. But not even that was all that memorable. If you were lucky enough to not see this in theaters definitaly my friends- do not do this at home.',neg

'I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now makes me think it has somehow lost its magic touch. Plenty of other renditions Ever After put aside of Cinderella have in fact lost their touch throughout the years. Then I found this production with a flawless performance by Kathleen Turner as the evil stepmother and was blown away by the phantasmagorical essence of this fantasy story that has cast me under its spell since childhood.<br /><br />We all know the story of Cinderella a young girl whos father died and was dominated by her wicked stepmother and stepdaughters and longs to go to the ball for one last chance for freedom. But this plot line takes a different twist in the classic Fairy Tale by causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola and is only called Cinderella by her family because of her slavery) to be trapped in a situation of her father (who still lives) slowly losing himself to a dominant wife who manipulates him into playing favorites with his wife and step-daughters against his own and tries to poison him. Thus Zizola goes out to save her father by stopping her stepmother from finding another suitor at the ball by distracting the men who come her way. There the bored Prince Valiant has a change of heart from his dull life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in the strange dress (forged by a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /><br />What drew me to this film most of all was its original take on the old Fairy Tale that none can compare to. It does not weave a web of lies like most Cinderella stories it does not ignore any reason as to why Cinderella would want to attend the ball and nor does it show a shallow side to the Prince as the Disney version did. Instead it shows more of Cinderellas selfless heart more than any other production and the artwork is simply stunning! The costumes are all beautifully made especially Zizolas sapphire blue ballgown to match the Marcella Plunketts fantastical beauty and soft spirit-like voice. <br /><br />I would highly suggest this film for anyone who is interested in a dream-like sequence of the classic Fairy Tale with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and director did not make a full collection of other Fairy Tales with this same element and the fact that the film is now out of print.',pos

'A pale shadow of a great musical this movie suffers from the fact that the director Richard Attenborough completely misses the point of the musical needlessly opens it up and muddies the thrust of the play. The show is about a group of dancers auditioning for a job in a Bway musical and examines their drive & desire to work in this demanding and not-always-rewarding line of work. Attenborough gives us a fresh-faced cast of hopefuls assuming that they are trying to get their big break in show business rather than presenting the grittier mix of characters created on stage as a group of working gypsies living show to show along with a couple of newcomers. The film has one advantage over the play and that is the opening scene showing the size of the original audition and the true scale of shrinkage down to the 16/17 on the line (depending on how you count Cassie who is stupidly kept out of the line in the movie). Anyone who can catch a local civic light opera production of the play will have a much richer experience than seeing this poorly-conceived film.',neg

'The Core meets Crack in the World (1965 made for TV). The acting is stock the suspense predictable. Once you subtract all of the plot ripped off from The Core - basically the manned drilling machine - you end up with the plot of Crack in the World. Crack was a truly excellent movie starring Dana Andrews. His team of scientists working in South Africa drilled down to the crust and punched through with a nuclear device in order to provide a steady source of geothermic energy. One of his subordinates also a brilliant scientist disagrees. He believes that the blast will not drill a simple hole but will instead form cracks in the crust. (Possible spoiler) He is right. In order to stop the resultant crack from destroying the earth they must place another nuclear device in the path of the crack. <br /><br />Although I have placed a spoiler warning i dont know if I really spoiled anything for either movie. And since Crack in the World is only available in very rare VHS format if at all my decision not to reveal whether or not the counter-blast works is probably academic.<br /><br />All in all I rate Descent just below average.',neg

'I actually had quite high hopes going into this movie so I took what was given with a grain of salt and hoped for the best. About 1/3 of the way through the film I simply had to give up quite simply the movie is a mish-mash of stuff happening for no apparent reason and its all disconnected. I love movies that make you think but this movie was just a bunch of ideas thrown together and never really connected.<br /><br />Dont think its David Lynch-esquire as some would have you believe it is nowhere near that realm other than some trippy visuals. Saying its artsy to disguise the fact theres no apparent plot or story is just a manner or justifying why you wasted the 1.5 hours in the film. The acting was good but that cannot save lack of story. I do agree with the one comment posted previously... its like being in some other persons head... while theyre on drugs in other words nothing makes sense.',neg

'As is often the case films about self-loathing characters do not usually make for good drama. Downloading Nancy is no exception. Its supposedly based on a true story about a woman whos murdered at her own request by someone she meets over the internet.<br /><br />The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello) who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game which his company has successfully marketed to various bars and bar/restaurants. Unlike most human beings Albert has virtually no positive attributes (except for his ability to be successful in the business world). Throughout the film Albert has a grim and dour expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife with all her emotional problems and resorts to patronizing prostitutes. When his wife asks for sex he punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead.<br /><br />Nancy is equally one-note as a character. Not only has she had a loveless 15 year marriage but was sexually abused by her uncle when she was growing up (thankfully there are no flashbacks of that back story in the film). Her self-loathing takes the form of self-mutilation and a result shes forced into therapy. However she has such contempt for her therapist that no progress can be made.<br /><br />Finally Nancy is so depressed that she contacts Louis over the internet. Hes sort of a sadomasochistic gigolo who has sex with women for money while inflicting massive amounts of pain to boot. Its revealed that Louis has two children but no longer sees them (the childrens mother no longer wants anything to do with him).<br /><br />Nancys plan is to first have painful sex with Louis and then have him kill her. Theres a particularly unpleasant scene where Louis has sex with Nancy while slashing her vaginal area with a broken piece of glass. These scenes are shown as flashbacks after Louis pays a visit to Albert who ties him up and strikes him with a golf club. It seems that Louis has a two-fold plan in going to see Albert: 1) berate him for his treatment of Nancy and 2) enjoy the beating he receives. It takes awhile before Louis will reveal Nancys fatefirst he forces Albert to do him the favor of taking his dog to a relative so someone will care for it in the future. Nancys fate of course is that Louis finally ended up choking her to death (but showed some hesitation first as he made it clear that he had some feelings for her). We soon learn that Louis is imprisoned for life for Nancys murder.<br /><br />What exactly are we to take away from a film such as Downloading Nancy? Are we supposed to feel sorry for victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is that the main point of the film? Is sympathy for Nancy actually warranted? I dont think so. The films writers create a straw man in the character of Albertsomeone who is so cut off from his emotions that he is the one that is held responsible for Nancys decline. But are people so one-dimensional in real life? I think not. They have the repulsive Louis a man who makes a living by inflicting pain come over and berate Albert for neglecting Nancy. Furthermore his expressions of love towards Nancy (before he kills her) is supposed to show his sensitive side.<br /><br />In the end it matters little whether the filmmakers have defined where their sympathies lie with the various characters in the film. They are so bent on titillating their audience with scenes of gratuitous violence that Downloading Nancy becomes nothing more than an exercise in poor taste and soft pornography.',neg

'No rubbish - no where even near rubbish. Not an original? thats the last thing that could be said of 2.4 children.Predictable? certainly not! Although it was somewhat an unusual series for the BBC it was hilarious funny and witty. I particularly liked Belinda Lang and John Pickard - who I believe preformed wonderfully.Gary olsen was also very good and so were all the other cast members..I never quite new why it was can-celled till reading here today about Gary Olsens death at a relatively young age. I do wish that they would make more of comedy of this type much more of them (and show them here in Israel).Thumbs way up!',pos

'The United States of Leland was an amazing movie. I kept passing it on the guide on my TV not knowing what it was and never having the chance to sit there and get into it. Then one morning when I woke up early I saw that it was just about to start. So I decided to watch it. I had the time and interest to watch it. When I saw that Ryan Gosling was in the movie and then that he was the main character I was immediately sucked in and could not move from my couch. The struggle that Leland goes through is such an inspiring story. Everyone has to deal with the same type of thoughts throughout sometime in their life whether it be a small minor detail or something as big as what hes going through. I have to sit and watch the movie again just to catch all the stuff that I may have missed the first time around. As a general comment... I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a Gosling fan or anyone who just likes a good movie with a real good story. The fact that there are so many other big stars who all also had great performances is just an added BONUS! So do what you can to take the time to check out this movie I can almost be sure it wont be a waste of time.',pos

'It follows BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD two films that are hard to top. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad film - it is the last good comedy (unless one insists on JITTERBUGS or another of the later films) that Laurel & Hardy made. Its just that it is a toss-off little film without the crazy destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the astounding sight of Stans real personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD to revel in. At 57 minutes it is shorter than the other two films a bit but that actually is not a bad point for it. It has just enough time to it to hit the right notes. Its just not as special as the other two.<br /><br />Stan and Ollie work in a factory that manufactures horns. I suspect that there was a bit of Chaplin influence in this sequence (one recalls a similar assembly-line incident in MODERN TIMES only four years earlier). Ollies nerves finally snap and he goes on a rampage. He goes home and (naturally) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (youve got it - a trombone). After beating up the poor professor Ollie has problems with the incompetent janitor/engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice brief appearance) and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nerve tester (a balloon that inflates as you push air out of Ollies stomach). Finleyson announces that it is a bad case of horniphobia and Ollie needs a vacation with plenty of quiet and goats milk. They end up going to a ship but Ollie and Stan know nothing about seamanship - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately the goat gnaws the rope until it breaks and the ship sails off. Also unfortunately on board is Richard Cramer an escaped dangerous criminal. This is not going to be a peaceful vacation.<br /><br />SAPS AT SEA (like A CHUMP) could have been three shorts one at the factory one at the apartment and one on the boat. Each would have been a successful short and they all make a funny film - but the stitching of the parts together shows. There are some very amusing moments in the film - the discoveries of how Turpins ineptitude causes various mishaps with water taps and stoves in the apartment; the accidental remarks of building manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie runs by him and asks for directions (Can you help me find the basement? asks Stan - Certainlyyou cant miss it - its downstairs! says Hall who realizes what a stupid comment he just made); and Cramers mistreatment of his two hostage slaves. He calls Ollie Dizzy and Stan Daffy (an allusion to the Dean Brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal teams of the 1930s - see Dan Daileys THE PRIDE OF ST. LOUIS). Cramer has the boys cook him up some food - and they make a synthetic meal (boot laces for spaghetti for instance) to get him sick to be overpowered. When he realizes what they have done he forces them to eat the meal themselves. Their reactions are brilliant.<br /><br />SAPS AT SEA is not on par with the top line of Laurel & Hardy films but it is a good film on the whole and a good conclusion to the best years of their film career (1927 - 1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the immediate couple of years before it appeared the boys and Roach had serious problems involving production costs (OUR RELATIONS where Stan was producer on the film) artistic problems (scenes from SWISS MISS were cut meaninglessly) and contractual arguments (leading to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie hit back with THE FLYING DEUCES wherein the production was not Roachs but Boris Morros. At last a two picture deal of A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and on a high note the boys left Roach. Unfortunately they never found any subsequent film relationship with a producer as satisfactory as this had been.',pos

'While the design and locations and photography are strong assets in this film; it is a turgid and melodramatic affair which demonstrates the limits of cinema to convey truth.<br /><br />The case is the use of the soundtrack music: a mix of Gustav Mahler and Andrew Lloyd-Webber that plays constantly and loudly and would have made Max Steiner grimace at its over use as it instructs the audience how difficult; how ecstatic; how tortured it is to be an artist. And then it really counts the story elides the details at the end.<br /><br />This heightened and kitsch exploitation of emotions was once well ridiculed by Peter Ackroyd about a Yukio Mishima book: This is not writing this is Barbara Cartland. Precisely the same critique can be made of this film: a deceptive mawkish vanity project.',neg

'This documentary is rife with problems.<br /><br />How arrogant is it to make a documentary about your own family? I understand you think the subject is interesting. I was bored with it. This isnt a fascinating story to me and I dont know why you would think it was.<br /><br />I dont want to come off as mean but I have to say: Most of the people in this film are just not attractive. And thats OK not everyone is pretty. But your camera technique to stick the lens in their face so you cant help but be overwhelmed by their unpleasant appearance because it is filling your 47 TV is not enjoyable. I had to put my hand up half the time to shield myself from the warts wrinkles bags under eyes and yellow teeth. Really Im trying not to sound inhuman but pull the camera back so its not like total strangers are breathing in my face.<br /><br />The camera work in this film is rank amateur level. Its the kind of camera work you see from everyone with a camcorder at a family picnic. Uninteresting framing unsteady even static shots are done carelessly. Put a little effort into it if youre going to do this for a living.<br /><br />I honestly cant see what the big deal is about this thing.',neg

'Demi and Woody are married but theyre poor. They meet Robert Redford and hes REALLY rich. He takes a fancy to Demi and since hes a gambling man he makes the couple an indecent proposal: one million dollars for a night with the little woman.<br /><br />At this point you need watch no more of the film because you can put the details together in your sleep. Of course Demi is going to accept the offer. If she doesnt theres no first half of the movie. Of course it will affect Demi and Woodys marriage. If it doesnt theres no second half of the movie. And of course everything will turn out okay by the time the credits roll. If it doesnt theres no happy ending for the sake of box office.<br /><br />The absolute best thing you can say about INDECENT PROPOSAL is that Demi Moore looks good in a black dress. As for the rest... The script is incompetent the direction amateurish the performances negligible. I suspect Redford Moore and Harrelson blush and change the subject every time the film is mentioned. Do them--and more importantly yourself--a favor. Unless some one offers you a million... Miss It!<br /><br />Gary F. Taylor aka GFT Amazon Reviewer',neg

'Ok so theres always people out there that seem to make it a point not to like movies because theyre good but instead choose to like movies based on how depressing or boring they can be or whether theyre from a foreign country. All that aside One Crazy Summer is the perfect example of what a great American teen comedy should be. The jokes are a good mix of slapstick (a la Bobcat Goldthwait) surreal (Bobcat under the inspired direction of Steve Holland) and dry (John Cusack one of the most morosely dry and funny actors in American cinema) and there is no character in this movie who does not deliver at least one funny line (ok except Demi Moore).<br /><br />Yes its immature yes its screw-ball yes Bobcat dresses up like Godzilla and trashes a scale-model of a seafood restaurant. Its also funny as hell. Watch it.',pos

'Worst movie of all time? Wow whoa now. You cannot be serious.<br /><br />Maybe its all about what you expect a movie to do to you. I live in Oregon so I got to enjoy the beautifully-filmed shots of familiar yet still amazingly beautiful Smith Rocks and other areas in Central Oregon (as well as the sweet cameo of our own Ken Kesey and Ken Babbs looking down on baby Sissys cradle at the beginning of the movie). Those alone were enough to spur me to give the movie a better than average score.<br /><br />Or .... Maybe its all about what expectations you have. Having read the book AGES ago and thinking to myself goodness no one could ever make a movie out of this interesting quirky weird book ... especially 20 years later when mores (MORAYS -- cant put in the accent mark online) have changed -- I was actually quite pleasantly surprised when I first watched the movie when it came out in 1994 and even liked it more today watching it again.<br /><br />Sissy was exquisitely cast and I dont care what you all say I was also pleasantly surprised at Rain Phoenixs and John Hurts performances. I am not a lesbian nor bi nor trans but have met many folks who are similar to the folks they were supposed to portray -- and those real folks kinda acted the same way as these actors acted. Stilted a bit stage-ey -- always a bit on. Gus Van Sant is one weird native Oregonian but by garsh he done a good job adapting this crazy book IMHO.',pos

'I LOVE Don Knotts let me just say that up-front! He is an enormous talent and the best at what he does which is portray a nervous lovably befuddled loser thrown into a position of authority. He is fabulous in this role as Roy Fleming the Reluctant Astronaut but the film is pretty dull really even though as a kid my brother and I delighted in watching this and his other films. Its still worth watching but really its a film that is best enjoyed by children. Id categorize it as 100\% family-friendly and something you could sit down and watch with your kids on a family night.<br /><br />As with all of Knotts films theres a great cast of beloved character actors and you cant help but smile when Knotts gives one of his shaky open-mouthed stares no matter how old and jaded you are.<br /><br />From an adult perspective one thing I think that is great about this film is how it captures NASA in the 1960s -- all the new modern buildings the hope the optimism the future! And I was surprised at how suave and studly Leslie Neilsen was back then. Only complaint about the story is Roys love interest a rather threadbare unlikeable woman who cant give him the time of day until he becomes a big shot -- if youre like me youll be hoping that he gives her the shove-off at the end. Beware -- youll be whistling the theme tune for days after watching its that catchy.',neg

'Anyone who loves the Rheostatics music is going to enjoy this film. I have some minor complaints mainly about pacing and the casting of certain actors (not Maury) who arent really convincing in their roles but I dont have time write a detailed review. I just want to warn anyone who has seen this film or plans to watch this film as presented CBC television in Canada: The version that airs are the CBC is like the Readers Digest version of WHALE MUSIC---dont watch it. It cuts out entire scenes and subplots (if you can them that) from the film. The CBC which presents most of films untouched took half the guts out of WHALE MUSIC. I dont know why. Its horrible what they did to the film. Rent the video or watch it in a theatre but DONT watch it on CBC television.',pos

' I have wrestled with death. It is the most unexciting contest you can imagine. It takes place in an impalpable grayness with nothing underfoot with nothing around without spectators without clamor without glory without the great desire of victory without the great fear of defeat in a sickly atmosphere of tepid skepticism without much belief in your own right and still less in that of your adversary. If such is the form of ultimate wisdom then life is a greater riddle than some of us think it to be. Marlow in Joseph Conrads Heart of Darkness<br /><br />Its difficult to make lyrical the subject of death in any work of art. Yet movies have recently made bold attempts to humanize it to the extent that it is embraced as a part of the cycle of all living things and it can be chosen rather than legislated. Chosen is the operative word for Alejandro Amenabars Sea Inside based loosely on the true story of the Galician sailor Ramon Sampedro. It is a drama about euthanasia without prejudice clothed in love poetry and friendship. If it sounds like Barbarian Invasions (2003) in which a cancerous professor says farewell to lifelong friends and loves before he takes his life then you are right. In fact Sea is better because it spends more intimate time with the protagonist before he goes a remarkable feat with not one of those moments in the least dull or uninteresting.<br /><br />Javier Bardem as Ramon has expressive eyes and commanding voice for the romantic quadriplegic a combination of tough realist and poetic sufferer. Belen Rueda plays the disabled lawyer Julia who becomes an imaginary lover for Ramon increasing in radiance as her life degenerates with disease. Added to the already almost soap opera circumstance is Lola Duenas as Rosa a blue collar visitor who initially tries to dissuade Ramon from seeking death but quickly falls in love with him. Talk about romanticizing disabilityThis guy has unbelievable luck attracting substantial women and he cant move a finger. But talk he can proving the ultimate argument about what women want: love that speaks not just makes.<br /><br />I will refrain from mentioning the major motion picture now up for an Oscar that features euthanasia as its climax in order not to spoil the experience for first timers. Sufficient it is just to say both films are successful in opening up both sides of a contentious subject without forcing a specific point of view. The religious right has a right to complain that the former film and Barbarian Invasions celebrate suicide; it has no right to accuse the beautifully balanced Sea Inside of the same.<br /><br />A life in this condition has no dignity Ramon says. The irony is he conducts himself with supreme dignity that makes anyone question his determination to end his life. The Sea Inside is a formidable entry in 2004s Oscar nominations for best foreign language film.',pos

'This is without a doubt the most hilarious movie Ive ever seen. Seriously if the makers of this movie are ever discovered theyll put guys like Jim Carrey out of a job. Rent Jack-O tonight! Believe me you wont regret it!',neg

'The Ladies Man suffers a common problem among movies based on Saturday Night Live skits. And that is a sketch that usually succeeds in five minutes will not do so well in ninety minutes. Although this movie does have its laughs like Tim Meadows as Leon Phelps a sex-maniac straight out of the 70s and Will Ferrell as a wrestling-obsessed husband cuckolded by Leon. So this movie is funny enough but its no Waynes World!',pos

'This film has an amazing cast. MGM took some of its finest character actors and starred them in a film with the usually adorable Margaret OBrien. Lionel Barrymore Edward Arnold and Lewis Stone star as three greedy old bachelors who live in the same home. While they have amassed a fortune over the years they also have been selfish jerks. One of them has an idea to donate some property in order to buy themselves a good name (sort of like Carnegie) but it turns out the property they want to give away actually belongs to OBrien. And since shes an orphan they volunteer to be her guardians so they can give HER property away and look like great philanthropists.<br /><br />There also is a goofy subplot involving fairies--led by the wonderful character actor Henry Davenport. And since OBrien is Irish (as evidenced by her outrageous accent) she and the little people make up much of the plot. Frankly I absolutely hated this portion of the film and wished theyd just dropped it entirely. Instead the story could STILL have been about sweet Margaret melting the mean old mens hearts--this would have worked. But...the little people?!? Sheesh! Overall the actors try very very hard but the silliness of the plot and the deadly earnest way they tried made me cringe. I noticed a lot of people liked this film--I guess Im just an old grouch! I found the film horrible difficult to watch.',neg

'The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film. I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine I got to hear about it. I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor. I asked Peter Collinson through my agent whether he might like me to do another draft. I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it. I was told too late. So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off. I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. Then I was invited to see the finished film. I was so impressed that I very quickly asked to have my name put back on. Its a beautifully made piece from a hurriedly written first draft I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldnt be so good. I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? I would also love to see the film again I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.',pos

'I remember seeing this film in the mid 80s thought it a well paced and well acted piece. I now work quite often in Berkeley Square and the had to get a copy of DVD to remind myself how little the area has changed although my office is newish it just 30 seconds away from the bank. Even Jack Barclays car dealership is still there selling Bentleys and Rolls Royces.<br /><br />Its look like the DVD is due a Region 2 release soon. The region 1 copy I is very poor quality. Lets hope theyve cleaned it up.<br /><br />Only the slightly dodgy escape sequence from the court spoils what would otherwise be a great film but I guess is in line with the caper tag the film goes with.',pos

'I love watching early colour films - you mean those 40s clothes werent all grey? <br /><br />Margaret Rutherford dominates this movie. Her eccentric garb is actually rather attractive and yes she has an amazing hourglass figure. But I feel she was given her head rather too much. She probably developed this characterisation over many performances and nobody told her If it gets a laugh leave it out. She does too much deranged fooling about when shes supposed to be surprisingly down to earth. The Madame Arcati joke is that mediums were usually portrayed as wispy females in long drapery. Arcati behaves like a retired headmistress (Well really put our backs into it!). The contrast between her breezy commonplace manner and her wacky beliefs isnt really brought out.<br /><br />Just because all the actors are English (apart from Cummings) the Americans feel they have to use the words Brit stiff lip and upper. Oh give it a rest! The three main characters lose their tempers constantly and make risqué remarks (Did he make love to you? Yes but very discreetly - he was in the cavalry!).',neg

'My boyfriend and I decided to go see this movie after we heard on the radio that it was a good movie worth seeing even up there with Cars. Within the first ten minutes of the movie I was horrified. For starters the cows which should be females had male voices. Then I realized they really are supposed to be guys. I put the transvestite cows aside for a bit and tried to keep watching the movie with an open mind but it was just so corny I couldnt help but shake my head. I probably checked my phone about ten times to see if it was almost over. The plot was decent if not predictable but it took way to long to reach its point. I was having trouble sitting through it and Im 19. The children in the theater were actually getting up and running up and down the aisles. I felt like joining them. But my biggest problem with the movie was that it was loaded with drinking references not to mention that the cows/bulls actually hot wired and stole a car then drank and drive broke into a boys house to push him out of bed (he deserved it though) then ran away from the cops whom the writers of the movie made look like terrible people. This isnt the kind of thing I would want my kid to be exposed to. Theres way too much of that in the real world if I wanted my child to watch guys drink and drive and lead cops on a chase Id pop them in front of the 10 oclock news. Childrens movies are supposed to be an escape from reality not an escape into ridiculousness. What happened to the good morals and happy endings that childrens movies used to boast? Thats why Disneys old movies like Beauty and the Beast Lady and the Tramp The Little Mermaid etc. are classics. If you want your kids to see a great cartoon with basically the same plot as Barnyard rent The Lion King. You can get a great story without the awful drinking and driving and grand theft auto references. The writers of Barnyard were obviously trying to continue the great trend of making a childrens movie that a parent could enjoy as well but they did so in very bad taste. I would never take my kids to see this and I suggest you save your money and watch something else.',neg

'I think that this is a disappointing sequel. I miss a lot of the old characters (King Gator Anne Marie etc.) and I dont like it due to the fact that not even half of the original voices are back to do the characters. A lot of personality was lost in Charlie and the villain Red is not even half as bad as Carface was in the first one. If youre a big ADGTH fan like I am its worth seeing just to see how the story is continued but dont count on it being 5 stars in your book.',neg

'The final installment sees Sho Aikawa and Riki Takeuchi (looking cooler than ever in his reversible overcoat!) pitched against each other for one last battle this time in the future. The plot owes a lot to Blade Runner but done in Takashi Miikes low budget frenetic comic style. I did feel that it was the weakest of the three DOA films and although the ending was still outrageous it lacked the shock value of the previous two. Compared to the likes of Ichi the Killer and Visitor Q DOA:Final is nowhere near as extreme but is faithful to the other two films in the trilogy. That said fans of the first two (and fans of Miike) will get a lot from this as it ties all three films together and gives a final explanation of the relationship between the two protagonists.',pos

'This is actually a trilogy of 3 of Somerset Maughams short tales. The first one is The Verger which is about 15 minutes long and very enjoyable. After 17 years Albert Foreman is laid off from his church job because he cant read nor write. So what does he do? Opens a tobacco shop of course!<br /><br />The second is Mr. Know-All which was actually a story I had read for school 6 years ago and instantly forgotten until I heard the familiar introduction. Another 15 minute one and also very good. It worked better on film than in a book for me but then perhaps thats because I was only 14 the last time afterall.<br /><br />The 3rd one is nearly a let-down. Almost an hour in length it simply drags. Its not all that bad but not as quick and snappy as the last 2. I watched the first quarter hour of it and then skipped forward to the last quarter hour and found that it still made sense and really I hadnt missed a thing!<br /><br />Overall I give them 8 9 and 6 out of 10 respectively.',pos

'One of my favorite bum actors C. Tom Howell stars in this tepid remake of WOTW. He runs around a lot while a CGI-generated spider-like machine goes around killing everyone. The budget for this one obviously was pretty low. It also was one of The Asylum productions. Have you seen any of those? Yikes! I am not sure why anyone would have made this while the big-budget Spielberg version was slaying them at the box office. And if truth be told neither version is all that hot. The George Pal version from the 1950s remains the best representation of the H.G. Wells novel primitive special effects and all. Perhaps because Gene Barry was much more convincing in the lead than Howell or Tom Cruise.',neg

'I feel that this movie is different from so many others in that it shows a family of girls who actually care about each other. They may have faults but bitterness and put-downs have no place with these girls. Try to find that on TV or in the usual movies. It is a breath of fresh air to see girls being feminine--wearing beautiful feminine dresses and shoes. Contrast that with the apparel in stores today i.e. raggedy and faded jeans and jackets etc. The story line has an evil thread running through but that is what makes it more realistic and interesting. I know that it is animated but it still gives you a feeling that families can stick together and come out okay. I would recommend this movie for boys and girls alike.',pos

'If you watched this movie you know why I said Jesus Jesus Jesus. Hehehe!!! Every time they said Jesus Jesus Jesus... I laughed thinking Jesus Jesus Jesus why did I rent this movie? I cannot believe how Oscar winners like Freeman and Spacey appeared here in the background while Timberlake and LL Cool J grabbed the screen. WTF is Timberlake? Dreaful acting! I think someone like Joshua Jackson could have done a much better job! This job was perfect for Joshua Jackson and believe me I am not a big fun of him... but I really prefer an actor not this android called Timberlake. And his girlfriend was shallow hollow and annoying as hell. I was happy when they both were popped in the street.<br /><br />The story was OK and I think Dylan Mc Dermott did his bad guy role very well. The movie was entertaining but I think Timberlake ruined it all. It would have been much enjoyable without him.<br /><br />By the way the music was OK but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a MTV video clip with flashes low motion and things like that. Something misplaced for this cops movie I thought. Maybe they wanted to make a MTV video clip for Timberlake.',neg

'I cant understand why many seem to hate this.<br /><br />This movie ties together many of the overlapping settings of the historical and Biblical epics of the fifties using set pieces props and costumes similar to those seen in other movies. Here however the story attempts to run through all of human history with a frame story about the human race being on trial with a guilty verdict meaning h-bombs will go off all over the world. The prosecutor is the devil played with fiendish glee by Vincent Price. OK so its a little hokey calling the defender The Spirit of All Men but I think thats one of the things that gives this movie a sense of period charm. The Spririt of Man is incidentally played quite well by Ronald Coleman in his last film. It is also the last movie in which Groucho Harpo and Chico Marx all appear but not together. Groucho plays Peiter Minuet buying Manhattan from the Indians in a scene played purely for campy humor. Chico isnt funny at all as a monk who thinks the world is flat and Harpo we are told is meant to be Isaac Newton discovering gravity. Most of the other performances are well done though.<br /><br />Other hokey things are that the trial is supposedly taking place in outer space which is depicted as a region of clouds and blueness. There is something called The Great Clock of Outer Space which when striking midnight may signal the end of the world.<br /><br />But at its heart the movie addresses the problems of WMDs and the eternal question of whether Man is basically good or basically evil; and poses it in what I think is an interesting way. Also anyone who likes the look of costume epics of the fifties should like the look of this movie.',neg

'After missing out on this innumerable times on TCM UK I decided to check it out given its sci-fi/adventure/camp pedigree: I knew I’d be in for a thoroughly silly ride – but it was also astoundingly bad! Anyway perhaps appropriately given the characters involved the script rips off many sci-fi titles then of recent vintage – SOYLENT GREEN (1973) ZARDOZ (1974) LOGAN’S RUN (1976; to the extent that it was filmed on some of the self-same sets!) STAR WARS (1977) ALIEN (1979) and MAD MAX 2: THE ROAD WARRIOR (1981)! <br /><br />The plot is simple but not exactly engaging: from the title one can deduce that water has become scarce on the planet where all of this takes place – so our ragtag buccaneer heroes take it upon themselves to steal ice blocks from the tyrannical Templar(!) rulers. Also involved is a beautiful princess (Mary Crosby daughter of Bing!) in search of her father the deposed king; by the way the cast includes another famous offspring: Anjelica Huston (daughter of John) as one of the pirate band – thankfully the actress’ mistake in accepting such a role would soon be forgotten in the wake of her winning an Oscar (under her father’s guidance no less) for PRIZZI’S HONOR (1985). Since STAR WARS had Peter Cushing as the “Supreme Commander�? the film-makers opted to have a screen legend of their own – 78-year old John Carradine (who’s seen strapped to a sort of operating table during his one brief scene!).<br /><br />The most notable bits (for all the wrong reasons) are: the alien using the toilet; the castration machine; the clumsy antics (including karate-style combat!) of the inevitable robot companions; the goofy slave/eunuch make-up worn at one point by the heroes; the recurring attacks by the “space herpies�? (whatever that is); the climax in which the characters are made to age when going through a time-warp (Crosby becomes pregnant gives birth and sees her son grow up in the space of 30 seconds while leading man Robert Urich himself is replaced by John Ford stalwart Hank Worden for this scene!) – incidentally the jump-cuts adopted here (intending to denote the rapid passage of time) are not only unsuccessful but downright irritating.',neg

'This film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not. Take some time. Relax enjoy. Think. People who see this movie as slow or plodding or dull really need to take a week off and watch it several times until their short attention span mind comes to grips with the possibility of being involved with a cause or even beautiful story in a beautiful place for no other reason than because it isnt hurrying to make the points you so emphatically need it to make in the short time alloted. At first I was apprehensive of Brosnan playing a native American. Given the story line though I think it was apt casting. Now back to my hermiting. -Jahfre',pos

'About a year ago I finally gave up on American television. I thought of giving up television completely until a friend who had lived in England showed me some programs that included The Office Extras Blackadder and The League of Gentlemen. It was then that I decided to switch to British television. Among all the shows listed above The League of Gentlemen is easily the most dark and twisted of them all providing guilty laughs and material not found in any other comedy Ive seen yet. Characters included are the most unhappily married couple a butcher that puts ingredients in the meat that go unsaid (probably for the best) a deranged couple that look over a local shop that only caters to local people and the worst veterinarian ever. This program is one of the best Ive seen.',pos

'I have never missed an episode. David Morse is a wonderful actor and I am hoping that this show can survive. It certainly beats out that CSI crap. I love the storyline and would actually like to see him as a cop again someday. I give the show a 10.',pos

'First I would like to admit that Chokher Bali was not my cup of tea. This movie was evidently not targeted toward the masses. Its the type that critics would enjoy watching. The hype and publicity were quite misleading.<br /><br />I was expecting something very dramatic like Devdas. Understanding that the story and time-period demand it I found the movie extremely slow-paced.<br /><br />Im a die-hard Aishwarya fan and I regret to say that I thought she was miscast. The role of Chokher Bali required an actress who can portray herself as subversive not innocent and naive. Everyone else gave a good performance. Tagores depiction of the human condition does come across the celluloid to give the movie an interesting theme.',neg

'This without doubt one of the funniest and most entertaining movies I have ever seen. I really enjoyed the characters in the movie. They are all wonderful bizarre in them selves. Its quite something I have never seen before in any movie.<br /><br />The story is almost non-stop from beginning to the end. There are no boring moments. I was totally captured by the movie. And I thought the acting was great.<br /><br />So if you want to see a fun movie. You should look for The Green Butchers. A great movie.<br /><br />I give it 10/10',pos

'Heres yet another film from the 80s that most people just dont know exists. This slow picturesque (the loving shots of the Montana landscapes are breathtaking and reminded me of Costners recent Open Range which also starred Robert Duval) and emotionally satisfying film is the perfect type of movie to watch late one night when you cant sleep or on a listless Sunday afternoon. Those in the right mood will be treated to a finely detailed and intimate look at the grief of one family and how they come back together after the youngest son accidentally shoots and kills the eldest son while hunting. The performances are all top notch and quietly nuanced. Glenn Close Robert Duval and Wilford Brimley are pitch perfect in their portrayals as are all the supporting players and young actors. I especially liked how director Cain (who unfortunately hasnt directed anything of note since this except the first Young Guns) gives us quiet little glimpses into everyones personal grief. We dont just see how the death effects the younger brother or the parents but also the confused middle sister the wayward uncle his crazy wife and the dead teenagers girlfriend. What we essentially get here is the rural Mid-Western answer to Ordinary People. Theres also shades of David Lynchs The Straight Story in some of the stoic downhome Mid-West morality of the folks depicted here and also in the lovingly haunting shots of the farmland they inhabit. This is one of the better and more realistic tear-jerkers of the era and a nice little find for you quality movie hunters out there.',pos

'Engaging entry from Europe about Czech fighter pilots flying for the RAF during WW2. Its always interesting as an American to see a new point of view on familiar events in history. Theres nothing terribly original or revolutionary about the style in which this is filmed or the romantic love triangle that anchors the narrative. Still it is compelling all the way through. There is a good balance between drama romance humor action and symbolism that is understated beautifully by the director and cast. This is a breath of fresh air after sitting through overblown and boring Hollywood epics like Pearl Harbor. A solid production all around. This is definitely worth your time if you are a fan of foreign cinema.',pos

'I guess this goes to prove that Joe Don Baker will do anything for a buck. The concept of the film wasnt very good to start with. This movie has so many bad things about it I dont know where to start. The acting is horrible. The cinematography is marginal at best. The soundtrack was pretty bad. The score is terrible. Theres a reason why this movie ended up on Mystery Science Theater 3000. I voted before I wrote this and I cannot believe that 9 people actually thought this film is excellent. They must have liked the two go-go dancers. Final justice would be if they locked this stinker in the film vault outside Wichita and never let anyone see it again! A 1 out of 10 rating is far better than this deserves.',neg

'For those of you who have never heard of the movie until now (of which I presume there are many lucky people who havent) Ill summarise it for you. Ryan Gosling plays the titular character of Leland who also serves as the films narrator (a la Kevin Spacey in American Beauty but without the intelligent observations on life). Leland goes to jail for stabbing a retarded kid to death and the movie attempts to figure out why he did it. He seems to be a nice boy (if not mentally absent) and is portrayed by Gosling with a complete lack of violence anger or agenda (and if youre waiting for him to reveal his sinister side later in the movie dont waste your time-- its not that kind of movie). Once in juvenile prison Leland goes to classes taught by Pearl Madison ably portrayed by Don Cheadle (who is incapable of anything but quality even when in bad movies). Pearl attempts to unlock the mystery of Leland in an attempt to figure out how such a kid could do such a thing and so he could write a book about it later (along with being a juvenile prison teacher Pearl is also an aspiring author).<br /><br />The relationship between Leland and Pearl is the driving narrative behind the film as their talks unveil Lelands past to the audience. However to call it the central focus would imply that this meandering film had one. It does not. The United States of Leland boasts an impressive cast which seems to be to the detriment of the film. It seems as though writer/director Matthew Ryan Hodge (dont worry that you havent heard of him hes never done anything) had to give EVERY character a personal story arc and personality flaw in order to get the actors to play them. Most of these traits and stories are clichéd and most go underdeveloped and unresolved.<br /><br />Ill try and break them down here: Martin Donovan and Ann Magnuson are the parents of the slain retarded boy (I love how the movie kept calling the kid retarded never mentally disabled. That part made me laugh inside) they apparently have a cold relationship because all suburban marriages in contemporary cinema must be cold. Their other two kids are Michelle Williams who is apparently an aspiring actress about to attend college and Jena Malone who plays the same troubled teen-archetype she always plays this time with a heroine addiction. Malone was also the girlfriend of Leland which gives him his link to his victim. Williams boyfriend who was orphaned and came to live with the family and is a baseball player looking to go to the same college as his girlfriend is played by Chris Klein. He ends up doing more with his character than any of the other bit players managing to steal the movie at times. Lena Olin is Lelands mother who seems to be perpetually sad for some reason. Kevin Spacey (also the executive producer) is Lelands cold and absentee father who is a famed novelist. Eventually Sherilyn Fenn will show up to put a wrinkle in Lelands story-- if you even care at that point. Oh yeah and theres a drug-dealing ex-boyfriend a couple of fellow juvees and a co-worker of Pearls with whom he has an affair on his long distance girlfriend with (played by Kerry Washington).<br /><br />Sorry if all that synopsis and character breakdown took so long. If it seemed meaningless and boring then youve just experienced a bit of what I did during the 108 minutes I spent watching the movie. But the unruly supporting cast of over-wrought clichés is the least of this films crimes. The biggest one is that the whole exercise is entirely pointless. We arent given a fascinating look into a troubled mind we arent given an effective explanation we arent given much of anything. Given that it sucked so much Im gonna go ahead and spoil the ending for you so that you never have to see it: Leland stabbed the retard because all Leland could see in the world was sadness and wanted to spare Corky (or whatever the victims name was) the sadness in his eyes. Its like the worst emo band in the world made an album and titled it The World Is Sad So I Killed A Retard. Oh and Leland dies in the end in a sequence so reliant of unbelievable coincidences that it would have ruined the movie if the movie didnt already suck. Of course he dies in the end because that made the movie so deep.<br /><br />Im giving the movie 2 stars because the actors themselves all did a pretty good job with the junk they were given. The scenes with Cheadle and Gosling together were even interesting on some levels. But to paraphrase the film itself you have to believe that movies are more than the sum of their parts kiddo.',neg

'Philo Vance had many affinities with Bulldog Drummond He was a gentleman with the kind of polish and elegance only usually associated with the British upper classes and he was also independently wealthy<br /><br />But there were vital differences Drummond was an adventurer charming gallant lively Vance could be pompous slight1y dull and self-righteous There was a hint of fundamental cruelty in his manner<br /><br />The Kennel Murder Case is the most impressive of the 14 Vance films made between 1929 and 1947 The story of a murdered collector of Chinoiserie it has all the ingredients of the classic private eye mystery  exotic setting in the blue nose Long Island Kennel Club three killings for Vance to solve including a baffling locked room murder the key to the whole affair and plenty of suspects <br /><br />Usually a detective story setting have proved too static and talkative to make convincing movies even though they work well enough on the printed page but here Michael Curtizs direction and the fine editing give the film a pace and urgency that make it altogether different from similar films of its type <br /><br />William Powells elegance and suavity made him the perfect Vance and although a year later he switched studios he stayed in the same genre with the enormously successful and popular The Thin Man at MGM',pos

'I was really surprised with this movie. Going in to the sneak preview knowing nothing about the movie except for the one trailer Id seen I thought it was going to be a Dude Wheres My Car kind of crap fest. I was expecting bad sex jokes and farting and a pathetic lead character who will get laid in the end because thats just how movies work. Instead I got a smart surprisingly original movie about a decent average guy who just never had sex.<br /><br />Yes the film is chock full o sex jokes and vulgarity and the occasional hey-look-a-nipple! but its done much in the spirit of Bad Santa rather than Sorority Boys. All the characters are people you probably know in real life redeemable friends who are just trying to hook a brother up and live their lives.<br /><br />I went in thinking this movie was going to be total crap and I was very surprised. Yea its pretty over the top (cmon its a movie about a 40 year old virgin!) but its very smartly done.<br /><br />In the end youre really pulling for this guy to get laid which says a lot about the movie because honestly did you really care if Ashton Kutcher found his car or not?',pos

'Wow. We watched this film in the hopes that it would have at least some decent rock climbing scenes. We were disappointed there but it was still a great movie! It was soooo cheesy it was great! I havent laughed so hard at a movie in a long time. If you are into rock climbing and you enjoy cheesy movies then this one is absolutely for you!',pos

'***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** THE CELL / (2000) **** (out of four)<br /><br />Do you believe there is a part of yourself deep inside in your mind with things you dont want other people to see? During a session when Im inside I get to see those things.<br /><br />--Catherine Deane<br /><br />And so do we. One of the most visually stimulating films of the year The Cell is a love/hate movie-either you love it or you hate it. I can understand the reasons some people dislike this production. With a story that combines disturbing serial killers with mind-probing The Cell is too much for some viewers; others will not understand the complex actions and emotions of the film. I think its one of the years most engrossing films.<br /><br />Making his feature film screenwriting debut Mark Protosevich creates an imaginative world of rich colorful images and provocative characters. The filmmakers take advantage of every shot. Protosevich conceived ideas for The Cell in 1993 when he decided to combine two of his major interests mind-probing and serial killers. He was reportedly influenced by such directors as Wes Craven George Romero and David Cronenberg. They would probably be proud of such an imagination.<br /><br />The film combines two major narratives one about scientific exploration of the human mind and the other about a psychopath who murders young women for his own sexual pleasure. Catherine Deane (Jennifer Lopez) a child therapist is part of a neurological study at the Campbell Center a research clinic. Because of her empathetic personality scientists chose Deane to enter the mind of a catatonic preteen in hopes to revive his brain into waking.<br /><br />A sick demented serial killer roams the streets. Within an abandoned rural farmhouse Stargher (Vincent DOnofrio) locks innocent female victims in a large glass cell where he then drowns them and performs sadistic sexual rituals with their bodies. The killer escapes from the FBI every time they draw near until now. A violent seizure renders him comatose. The FBI captures his forever unconscious body. Unfortunately he already prepared the cell with his latest victim. In forty hours the cell will fill with water and Stargher is the only man who knows the location of his victim.<br /><br />The FBI takes this situation to Campbell Center where Catherine enters the mind of Stargher hoping to discover the location of his latest victim before the cell fills with water sending the woman to a watery grave.<br /><br />The science fiction portions of the story relied on both real science and theoretical fiction in the creation of the Neurological Cartography and Synaptic Transfer System. The premise takes a long time to develop but it is worth the wait. It is far fetched but that doesnt matter. The film makes us believe. Even if you dont suspend disbelief however the visual enticement provides an engaging setting to enjoy.<br /><br />According to the films production notes Mark Protosevich was thrilled to work with the director named Tarsem because they both think visually. Tarsem Singh is known for his attention to detail stunning art direction and highly developed abilities to tell a story. When I wrote The Cell explains Protosevich I surrounded myself with postcards or color copies of painters paintings or photographs while I was working. So Im thinking visually and Tarsem is a highly visual director. Tarsem has a similar frame of visual references which made for a very smooth collaboration.<br /><br />Vincent DOnofrio provides the film with a backbone and no actor could have accomplished his character any better. He delivers a mysterious disturbing and engaging performance. I think that my character is in a way trapped in himself DOnofrio ponders. He also researched the psychology of serial killers to help get him beneath the surface of the character. His in-depth performance preparation pays off beautifully.<br /><br />While the actors writer and director do wonders with their material the real honor goes to the films behind-the-scenes talent. The director of photography Paul Laufer production designer Tom Foden costume designer April Napier special effects coordinator Clay Pinney and visual effects supervisor Kevin Tod Haug. They bring the world of The Cell to life. Its is an extraordinary world worthy of several viewings. Some movies you watch others you experience. The Cell falls into the later category.<br /><br />',pos

'This is the award that made me lose all respects for the Hugos.<br /><br />If such a distinguished panel cant see or care about the obvious story-telling problems of Battlestar Galactica then what worth is their award? The answer: not much.<br /><br />Award-winning shows should be examples of creativity and excellence neither of which are in evidence in BG in this episode or any other that Ive seen.<br /><br />Shooting in drab video is not artistic its just cheap. Shaking the camera is not creative its vomit-inducing and lazy as can be.<br /><br />All BG has shown is how corrupt most award-giving academies really are and how easy it is to buy awards with a lot of PR money.',neg

'This is a well-made documentary on the exciting world of Indy Car racing. The photography is simply outstanding. The scene were Mario Andretti drives the old racing roadster down the New England street lined with the ancient maples leaves blown to the side by the speed of the car is incredible. The film does lose some of its beauty on the small screen but if you like watching cars driven to their limit you should see this film.',pos

'There are interesting pieces here of and about Bruce Webers likes and dislikes. Maybe if a professional editor had put it together for Biography I would have felt more satisfied. Instead I spent $8 at a film festival on it. For an autobiography almost nothing is revealed about Bruce Weber other than he likes to look at photographs shoot interesting people especially beautiful teenage boys and listen to jazz. The director of Crumb would have made a much more interesting and cohesive film.',neg

'This is the biggest load of crap that I have seen in a long time. The last time I hated a movie so much was whilst watching 28 Days later and Magnolia. There is absolutely no point to this movie except to see some really sick and twisted sex/rape scenes Gillian Anderson relieving herself on the side of the road and every single sentence of dialog having to use the F word at least a couple of times in it. It has extremely cheap acting and is very low budget. My friend and I eventually turned off the movie after about half an hour. We had tried to give it a chance but nothing could save this crud. DO NOT WATCH IT!!!',neg

'This is simply the funniest movie Ive seen in a long time. The bad acting bad script bad scenery bad costumes bad camera work and bad special effects are so stupid that you find yourself reeling with laughter.<br /><br />So its not gonna win an Oscar but if youve got beer and friends round then you cant go wrong.',pos

'I first saw this movie about 3 years ago. I was shocked at how stupid the FBI was not to prevent such a tragedy. It could have been easily prevented. This movie was just unbelievable.<br /><br />Now seeing it after September 11th I am appalled and can say that this could have been prevented more easily that most people would want to know.<br /><br />This film is 100\% true<br /><br />In the final scene of the film when the mastermind of the 1st attack is being taken to prison by helicopter and flies over the towers he makes a spine chilling remark that was laughed at when he said it. Next time well bring them *BOTH* down. This was actually said by Ramzi Yousef after his arrest.<br /><br />This movie reveals the shocking truth about how the first attacks were carried out right under the noses of the FBI and NYPD. It shows how the 1st and 4th Amendments are partially to blame for the attacks.<br /><br />I watch this movie now and know that both attacks could have been prevented.',pos

'Times are tough for Angel Town gangs rule with an iron fist and for reasons mostly unknown (Mainly due to embarrassing writing) the gangs want a street kid Martine to join the gangs so they beat him up everyday. However due to the presence of an Olympic kick-boxer (Olivier Worlds lamest actor Gruner) named Jacques hope is on the way. Angel Town is seriously one of the most inept message movies ever made (And Ive seen my share) it seems to consist of the idea that all gang infested neighborhoods need are French kick-boxers who cant act. Worst of all there are so many awkward moments its just truly hilarious. Best of all comes from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon which basically sums up how ridiculous this thing is. To Wit: You like the fighting? (Olivier grabs his Asian best friend in a headlock) I could kill him right? When I want him dead he dies! The reason why I dont want him dead is because im afraid of him and I know that if I kill him his son and wife will kill me thats why he doesnt die! <br /><br />Of course the fact that its wrong to kill someone let alone your best friend is of course left out of the equation. Odd.<br /><br />However dont let me make this sound that I hated this movie far from it its so terrible its priceless. The biggest laughs come at the end in the disastrous finale which sees Grunner going one on one with gang-members who (the films biggest logic gap)decline the use of pistols. Also a handicapped Vietnam vet helps out by shooting his machine gun at the gangs while Gruner kick-boxes the rest. All of this set to the sound of horrible Mexican accents and surreal energy that make this one memorable for fans of cinematic trash such as this.<br /><br />The other treat about this movie is that for some reason Olivier Gruner never attends college despite thats the main reason hes here in the states and not in France getting it on with his girlfriend (In a graveyard in the films awkward beginning) Angel Town is without a doubt a failure on all conceivable levels but if you laugh at moronic martial arts movies with insane levels of action that make no sense on any level this is the perfect movie for you. On the other hand make sure to down tequila like the laughable opening song details Aint no mercy in Angel Town <br /><br />* out of 4-(Bad)',neg

'Again it seems totally illogical to me at least that Arthur merits a mere 6.4 out of 10 possible. Steve Gordons one-shot masterpiece herein is the totally unlikely if not quite impossible melding of wildly disparate elements. That he managed to make alcoholism laugh-friendly rather than tearjerking tragic is in itself wonderful. That he gave Dudley Moore his finest role and every other cinematic element herein its optimal impact including the score seems to me patent and egregious. I challenge ANYone to sit through this film and not laugh out loud. But apparently nearly a third of its audience has so managed. Well I for one found and find Gordons effort both laughable AND lovable and the iikes of Geraldine Fitzgeralds great-aunt and Stephen Elliotts murderous would-be father-in-law absolute gems of background characters. Even the black chauffeur managed to escape patronization and the late sniffish Sir John Gielgud was right about accepting his fee but wrong about undertaking his role. Arthur makes no effort to Underztand much less rationalize the scourge of alcoholism (hey iFit aint booze its other drugs of choice including meth and addictions are merely symptoms not targets) it simply observes in its own quizzical manner.',pos

'Eaten Alive follows a young woman (Janet Agren) who searches for her lost sister. Turns out her sister have joined a sect that has disappeared into the jungles of Borneo. With Vietnam veteran Mark at her side she sets off to find her sister.<br /><br />As per usual the acting isnt of the highest quality but you do get cannibal flick poster girl Me Me Lai spending most of the time on screen with her breast bare female lead Janet Agren covered in gold paint and abused with a dildo dipped in snake blood among other things. Now thats gotta count for something! <br /><br />But I must say that I find it bit hard to recommend this title. If you are fan of the genre you will most likely recognize every gore scene in the movie bar a select few. And I mean that literally. A lot of the gore scenes are lifted straight out other Cannibal movies like MAN FROM DEEP RIVER and LAST CANNIBAL WORLD. Theres probably more movies stuck in there.<br /><br />Ultimately this is one for die-hard fans to check off their list. If you havent seen any Italian jungle movies youd be better off watching CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST and if youre an avid fan you have seen most of the gore scenes in other movies.',neg

'Renee Zellweger is radiant but the rest of this movie just does not work. Its like a hamburger-jello-mold salad--interesting idea but who ever thought it would actually work on film? I like director LaButes two previous films--they were mercilessly honest and chillingly funny. This film manages only to be merciless and chilling--with jumbo dollops of the cutes. (As high concept think: the Doris Day-Rock Hudson movie Sam Peckinpah might have made--now reduce your expectations to match the present mass-produced state of Hollywood.) That actors as talented as Freeman Kinnear Eckhart Vince and Janney ALMOST make their scenes come alive is a testament to the immensity of their talents to rise above material that just does not cohere. I would have found Freemans corny feel-good-about-yourself speech at the end of the movie funny (in a Lynchean way) if it werent for the nagging suspicion that this unconvincingly tacked-on moral is meant to be accepted seriously.',neg

'Mark Hamill should have felt mighty embarrassed with CORVETTE SUMMER! This time he uses a new kind of force to regain the possession of his dream machine a bright red Vette. It looks like another sour teen-age flick the first half-hour and does a U-turn in heading for the wrong direction. The writing and directing jobs are dreadfully done with a few scenes you cant hardly take. Youre expecting this to happen anyway and youre also sniffing the smell of late-70s hodgepodge. Only a former newcomer like Annie Potts would easily steal the show and save this poor movie from the repo creeps! Her impractical but delightful personality holds on to your interest for good and this is the finest chance to see her in a swimsuit. Hooray for Annie! Sorry Mark! I guess the Force wasnt with you this time around.',neg

'Completely agree with other review.<br /><br />I watched this movie for about 5 minutes. I looked up the one review on another site and found that it wasnt even a real sequel. This was after I slowly backed away from the TV with remote in hand jaw dropping lower and lower. <br /><br />The quality of the filming is beyond low budget. It doesnt even look like a freaking movie. If I were watching home video footage from a documentary I would expect it.<br /><br />In summary: Avoid avoid avoid. Boooo Lions Gate!<br /><br />Completely ashamed of myself for watching 5 minutes and I hope that Ive saved others from renting or owning it.',neg

'In A Woman Under the Influence Mabel goes crazy but I can see why she does go crazy. If I lived the kind of life she lived with the family she has I would go crazy too. Everyone in her family is off their rocker and not completely with it. She is constantly surrounded by people yelling at her and telling her what is best for herself and people that arent the sharpest knifes in the drawer.<br /><br />To start with the one person closest to her in her life her husband Nick is a little off his rocker. He is always yelling at her when he is home telling her how to live her life and to stop acting like an imbecile. The rest of the time he is working long hours at his job and he isnt there to support her when she needs support. The one person in her life that should always be there for her is never there and if he is he is just making her feel worse. She relies on him for support and always goes to him first when she feels she is acting wrong and he does nothing to support her. When she comes home from the hospital all he does is tell her how to act instead of comforting her he just yells at her and tells her what to do.<br /><br />The other major people in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Mabel basically runs their lives because they are afraid to stand up to her and stand up for her. In the end she even asks her father to stand up for her and he doesnt understand and when he does get it he still does nothing. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or to keep her from going crazy because they do nothing for her period. The only person that tries to do something for her is Nicks mom. Nicks mom is adamant about having Mabel committed. She doesnt want to have Nick deal with it so she has the doctor commit her. It seems as though everyone is against Mabel and they feel that having her committed is a good idea because then they wont have to deal with it anymore. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing for Mabel except for yell at her and make her feel like she is doing something wrong when she really isnt. That is why she went crazy and why she had to be committed it was her familys entire fault.',neg

'This show has everything you could ever want from a prison drama. There are twists and turns all the way till the season finally. The characters are very strong and it gives the show a lot of power. When watching the show you feel for not only the prisoners but the prison staff. The actors who play prisoners on this show have done a very good job portraying a prisoner. Also if you like law and order svu or law and order criminal intent there are many actors from this show that appear in those shows. The only problem with Oz is that it was not long enough. This show could of easily had nine to ten seasons without getting old. Even after the season finale i sill find myself watching Oz all the time on DVD. This show is easily one of the best shows on television. Dont be a fool go watch Oz.',pos

'This early John Wayne Lone Star western has a bit more going for it than the run-of-the-mill oaters Wayne had been making for Lone Star up until that time. For one it has his old friend Paul Fix in it; Fix being a much better actor then the standard Lone Star villain brings a much needed professionalism to the surroundings instead of the usual hesitant line-readings often delivered in these oaters. The plot about mistaken identity payroll robbery and murder is as trite and perfunctory as youd expect it to be in a 1930s low-budget western but Waynes strapping good looks easygoing charm and way with a line go a long way to making this more enjoyable. Plump balding Eddy Chandler isnt quite believable as Waynes womanizing partner and theres a running gag about something that happens whenever Chandler and Wayne are about to get into a fistfight that grows tiresome. On the other hand Waynes love interest is played by none other than Mary Kornman the little Mary of the early Little Rascals fame. She is a grown-up 20-year-old now blonde and cute as a button. Most of Waynes leading ladies in these Lone Star/Monogram Bs were fairly bland and colorless but Mary is perky cute and yes sexy. Theres a scene in the general store where she works in which Wayne asks her to get him a bottle of nerve tonic which happens to be on the top shelf so she has to get a ladder and climb up to the top shelf. Waynes ogling her pert little backside as she ascends the steps then again as she comes down then again a few minuter later when he asks her to climb up and get him another bottle is surprisingly racy for a film made in 1935. Wayne makes no attempt to hide the fact that he is definitely checking out her butt. Anyway its an interesting little B not great but not as choppy and random as many of his LoneStar productions of the time. The final gunfight isnt handled all that well and Chandler gets somewhat irritating after a while but all in all its worth a look if only to see a cute and sexy Mary Kornman.',neg

'A SPECIAL DAY (Ettore Scola - Italy/Canada 1977).<br /><br />Every once in a while you come across a film that really touches a nerve. This one offers a very simple premise almost flawlessly executed in every way and incredibly moving at the same time. Its surprising Ettore Scolas Una giornate particulare is relatively unheralded even hated by some critics. Time Out calls it rubbish and Leonard Maltin somewhat milder pleasant but trifling. I disagree not only because this film is deeply moving but within its simple story it shows us more insights about daily life in fascist Italy than most films Ive seen. The cinematography is distinctly unflashy even a bit bland and the storyline straightforward which might explain the films relative unpopularity. Considering late 70s audiences werent exactly spoiled with great Italian films its even stranger this one didnt really catch on with the critics.<br /><br />The film begins with a ten-minute collage of archive footage from Hitlers visit to Italy on may 8th 1938. Set against this background we first meet Antonietta (Loren) a lonely love-ridden housewife with six children in a roman apartment building. One day when her Beo escapes she meets her neighbour Gabriele (Mastroianni) who seems to be only one in the building not attending the ceremonies. He is well-mannered cultured and soon she is attracted to him. During the whole film we hear the fascist rally from the radio of the concierge hollering through the courtyard. Scola playfully uses the camera to make us part of the proceedings. After the opening scene the camera swanks across the courtyard of the modernist (hypermodern at the time) apartment block seemingly searching for our main characters whom we havent met yet. <br /><br />Marcello Mastrionani and Sophia Loren are unforgettable in the two leading roles all the more astonishing since they are cast completely against type. Canadian born John Vernon plays Lorens husband but he is only on screen in the first and last scene. I figure his voice must have been dubbed since hes not of Italian descent and never lived there to my knowledge so I cannot imagine he speaks Italian. If his voice has been dubbed I didnt notice at all. On the contrary hes completely believable as an Italian even more than the rest of the cast. The story is simple but extremely effective the performances are outstanding the ending is just perfect and the framing doesnt come off as overly pretentious but works completely. Dont miss out on this one.<br /><br />Camera Obscura --- 9/10',pos

'If in the first 10 minutes of this film you dont realize that the main character who writes a life advice column is going to have the tables-oh-so-cleverly-turned and learn some valuable life lessons himself then there is probably something wrong with you. The set up is so predictable as to ruin the movie even if the rest of the movie was good (which it isnt) <br /><br />Theres almost no chemistry between the leads and Steve Carells stalker-ish behavior is embarrassing not funny. Its hard to believe Binoches character would have any interest in him. Then in the end its all wrapped up so wonderful and everyone lives happily ever after. Isnt that great America!',neg

'Not having any idea what this film was about but based on the fact that John Leguizamo was appearing in it we decided to watch it. Well it turned out not to be the wisest decision. In fact as another commentary in this forum puts it we felt embarrassed for the actors that participated in this movie.<br /><br />While the film is by no means horrible it doesnt make sense at all. The over the top performance by William Baldwin doesnt help the situation either. John Leguizamo is a multi-talented actor who deserved better. The basic problem it seems to be the film was a project that started with good intentions in making a little comedy and the people in charge ran out of ideas along the way. The result is an uneven film.',neg

'Kokoda was inspired by events on the Kokoda track during WW2 when Australian militia slowed and ultimately stopped a push by 10000 Japanese soldiers to move overland and capture Port Moresby. What they really mean is that the movie is set in this time period but is fiction and everything that happens is just a jumble of standard scenes from other war films. The first hour is just one cliché after another. Some of the scenes are simply there to be able to draw us into a feeling that this conflict was horrific beyond compare when there appears to be little evidence of this. Both sides fought hard to control the track and no mercy was shown by either side. Both sides suffered from logistic shortages and the terrain was a great leveler in this conflict. As the Japanese got closer to Port Moresby their supply line grew and this ultimately led to their downfall. On the other hand as the Australians retreated closer to Port Moresby their supply line decreased. Some of the scenes appear to be straight out of the handbook on standard scenes to include in any war film. The film was misguided and highlighted the youth of the production team. At a time when Australia could have done with a great film about one of Australias best moments the film Kokoda is a shallow disappointment.',neg

'Conrad Hall went out with a bang. The great film photographer finished his illustrious career with this movie before passing on. He did himself proud as this is one of the best-looking crime films youll ever see.<br /><br />Of course the acting aint bad when you have Tom Hanks and Paul Newman playing the leads! The amount of action in here is just right too: not too much; not too little.<br /><br />None of the characters in here frankly are good guys as Hanks is a professional hit-man for town boss Newman. Hanks only redeeming quality is not wanting his young son to wind up a killer like him although he does teach him how to be the getaway man in robberies! Huh?<br /><br />As good as the acting is and as interesting as the story is the real star of this film is cinematographer Hall who paints scene after beautiful scene with his lens. His work is just awesome.',pos

'I read the reviews of this movie and they were generally pretty good so I thought I should see it. Im a big Francophile and art film lover but I believe this is yet another case in which the critics make something arty or intellectual into something it is not. I will be blunt: it contains scenes of sexual perverseness that I never ever wanted to actually see. Obviously the piano teacher has some major psychological issues but I really did not want to see them displayed so graphically. The film is in essence disgusting. I mean when I saw Requiem for a Dream I was repulsed by the last sort of scene with Jennifer Connelly but that was not anywhere near the sort of disgust and repulsion I felt during this film.',neg

'What is your freaking problem? Do you have nothing better to do than sit on your fat asses and blog about about how you find something in bad taste? Heres an idea:Go outside. Thats right: Walk outside your moms basement that youve been living in for 13 years and GO OUTSIDE. But I cant leave! Star Trek is on in 30 minutes and I still havent married that avatar on World Of Warcraft! Oh my God in that case stay inside! Alright I might have gone overboard there. I mean Star Trek is okay but I dont really watch it that much anymore. Either way do you really have to write crap about Mind of Mencia. Its A GOOD SHOW. Maybe youre just venting your anger because that girl dumped you on World of Warcraft. Or youre constipated. Try putting fiber in your diet.',pos

'Wicked Little things was a really good movie.I will say at some parts it seemed really unbelievable and others it seemed as if there just wasnt enough thought put into the actions of the characters but overall it was exciting and entertaining.I dont understand why this movies rating is so low.Nor do I not understand why all the Afterdark Horrorfest films ratings are so low.These are B-Movies people and nothing more.They provide great entertainment and most of them dont have many flaws at all.This is definitely worth a look because you wont be disappointed with the outcome.Wicked Little Things is one of the best 1st Annual Afterdark Horrorfest films and compared to a lot of other films in the series this is one of the best overall.',pos

'This movie was release when I was 15 and I could easily relate to the themes the film portrayed.<br /><br />That was over 24 years ago and I havent seen the movie since. This time around I cringed at some of the acting but still appreciate the film for what it is.<br /><br />Life is not always fair and the good guys dont always win in fact I think the movie did well to reflect that especially as a teenager the pricks always did better with a lot of girls. Also it doesnt matter how nice you are you cannot make someone like you. Girls/boys like who they want to like no matter how hard you try otherwise. Sometimes you just gotta let go and say next.<br /><br />Gary does a good job showing the intensity of his feelings for Karen. This is so true of teenagers when they get fixated on someone.<br /><br />I remember sitting around with mates laughing our arses off at some of the antics. The acting is not quite there compared with Fast Times at Ridgemount High but it kicks ass over this movie simply because FTARH has a lame viewer friendly ending where as this movie has a realistic ending. Nice guys finish last!! Gary comes across as pretty lame cringe worthy material but we all know guys like this who are far to sensitive. We all know a David fun guy who makes you laugh.<br /><br />Some people on here bag the ending but hello the ending is exactly what can happen in real life. Some chicks just go back for more no matter how bad the dude treats them especially at that age. I have experienced that first hand.<br /><br />Great sound track too!! U2 I will follow - Jesus is it that old??',pos

'I thought this was a very daring representation of the old hokey Tarzan concept made so popular by Hollywood Weismuller et al.<br /><br />Yes; there is a lot of silly stuff. But then the idea is silly. It is almost unbelievable that a human baby could be sired to adulthood by chimpanzees. I am tempted to say completely unbelievable but that the concept has never been tried. And there is certainly a bit too much anthropomorphism for comfort. Though under the circumstances I can see how that would be very difficult to avoid. We also now have a much greater insight into the issues of acculturation and know that a human raised from infancy without human behavioural prompts would ultimately never learn them in adulthood.<br /><br />Still if you can get your head around that lot theres a great deal to admire that is both imaginative and daring. Lambert does the beast thing with tremendous aplomb. I am tempted to say that it is the most convincing and sympathetic role I have seen him play. There are plenty of other excellent performances too. Not least of which are Sir Ralph Richardson and Ian Holm.<br /><br />What is particularly disturbing - and rightly so - is the simian perception of humans. We get to see ourselves almost from the point of view of the poor dumb helpless brutes over whom we so routinely lord it. And it demonstrates well how the phony civilisation and morality with which we cloak and justify our conduct is no more than an expression of own selfishness and arrogance. It may seem a little overstated at times especially in the hideous museum dissection rooms but what we see isnt just a truth about the Victorians; its a truth about the way we are today. Its one that needs to be stated and cannot be stated often enough. Holms characters obsession with the ray-zor as a symptom of civilisation - as if to possess facial hair were a primitive condition to be scorned - is an excellent case in point. Primitive bearded readers take note.<br /><br />The story is depressing. Ultimately its a tragedy. Because even though he returns to the jungle and the freedom from moral tyranny that is truly human civilisation; we know hes doomed. Before the third millennium is 50 years old wild simians will be hunted into extinction as bush meat and their environment developed for agriculture and mineral exploitation to gratify insatiable human excess.<br /><br />In the end its a tale about ourselves. The path to extinction that other simians tread must eventually be followed by humans.<br /><br />Highly recommended for its ethical take despite the hokey moments.',pos

'So Seagal plays a DEA detective named John Hatcher who lost his partner on a drug investigation into surprise surprise Colombia! Not to brag or anything but my father was born and raised in Colombia (hence my last name) and now hes a doctor in California so no matter what the movies would have you believe there are some things other than drug dealers and cocaine that come out of Colombia!<br /><br />At any rate in a drug bust gone bad Hatcher loses his partner and accidentally kills a naked Colombian prostitute inspiring him to go to confession somewhere that I have never seen him go before in any of his movies before or since. It was actually pretty interesting. Seagal has a tendency to come off as almost asexual the way he never gets much involved with women other than as a plot device and the way the occasional seduction attempt whether by a stripper or by a lover never piques the slightest bit of interest from him. Hes all get-the- bad-guys all the time. <br /><br />But in the confession booth he confesses to having lied sold drugs falsified evidence and even slept with informants in order to get the information he needed to put the bad guys behind bars (I hope Im not getting in trouble with God by telling you this). The priest tells him to go to his family so he decides its time to retire from the force. <br /><br />The next third of the movie is an exercise in the paper-thin characterization characteristic of Seagals films. Marked For Death is the story of Seagal against a band of mystic Jamaican drug dealers and these guys have no discretions about pushing their products in broad daylight.<br /><br />Hatcher goes back to visit his old high school coach Max (a minimal effort by Keith David) and right in the middle of practice there are some of these dread-locked crackheads sitting right there in the bleachers peddling crack to some bookworm-looking high school girls.<br /><br />Maybe I just had a sheltered experience in high school but I didnt know crack dealers and crackheads hung out AT SCHOOL in the MIDDLE OF THE DAY. At any rate its not long before Hatcher learns how evil these guys are. Theyre not just peddling crack to high school kids but the coach has been losing football players regularly to their drugs they engage in smartass stare-downs with Max and since thats not enough his 13-year-old niece died in their crackhouse.<br /><br />Ah OK. We get the picture. Im sure they also torture puppies and beat up old women and maybe steal candy from children too just for good measure. Is it really this hard to establish who the bad guys are? 13-year-old niece died in their crackhouse. Wow.<br /><br />Anyway. Not only does the movie not know how to develop villains without resorting to what basically boils down to movie name-calling where evil deeds are shallowly assigned to them through dialogue but they also dont know how they should act. <br /><br />The leader of the drug dealers is named Screwface and I suppose that alone should tell you something about the kind of movie this is. Screwface is a cartoonish Jamaican man with these bright bizarrely green eyes which I am guess must be an important part of his character because he spends a good majority of his screen time with his eyes half bulging out of his head. His favorite means of intimidation is to scream really loud in his wildly overblown Jamaican accent with his face quite literally less than an inch away from whoever hes yelling at. This guy likes to get so into guys faces that he has to turn his head to the side so their noses dont touch. All I could think about was how the poor guys would deal with his breath.<br /><br />Man they do not want you to forget that these guys are Jamaican by the way. Their accents are so exaggerated and overblown that for most of the movie its nearly impossible to understand them. Not that it matters. It doesnt matter what theyre saying all you need to know is that everything that comes out of their mouths is some kind of evil drug-related thing theyre just the psychos that peddle drugs and kill people. The movie must have been a huge hit in Jamaica!<br /><br />My biggest problem with the movie is that the theatrics particularly of the bad guys as Ive described are spectacularly goofy even for a Seagal film. They are so cartoonish and weird that its impossible to take them as anything other than a goofball b-movie creation something slapped together to provide fodder to whom Seagal can distribute his characteristic brand of smack-down retribution. <br /><br />But there is also a bizarre kind of mysticism in the movie that just makes it all come off as weird. For example a mystic I guess you would call her at one point puts some kind of curse on Screwface by (if I remember correctly) spitting mouthfuls of Bacardi onto a live rooster thats hanging upside down before beheading it and dripping its blood onto a picture of Screwface. Hmm. Interesting. <br /><br />Sadly its this same woman that warns Hatcher that his family has been marked for death by these people meaning theyve got some voodoo hex on them. Not to belittle anyone but if I was told that my family had been cursed by people like that I would just laugh at it. Hatcher doesnt strike me as the kind of guy to take much stock in freaky voodoo curses! <br /><br />But the set-up as you can see is pretty standard for a Seagal film. Unique villains I guess you could say although not very impressive. Definitely the weirdest film of Seagals early career',neg

'Its possible that A Man Called Sledge might have been done irreparable damage on the cutting room floor. Maybe someone will demand a directors cut one day but I seriously doubt it.<br /><br />James Garner decided to cash in on the spaghetti western market and in doing so brought a whole lot of Americans over to fill the cast out. Folks like Dennis Weaver Claude Akins John Marley. And of course we have Vic Morrow who both wrote and directed this film.<br /><br />Garner always gets cast as likable rogues because hes so darn good at playing them. But he has played serious and done it well in films like The Childrens Hour and Hour of the Gun. He can and has broken away from his usual stereotyped part successfully. But A Man Called Sledge cant be counted as one of his successes.<br /><br />Hes got the title role as Luther Sledge notorious outlaw with a big price on his head. After partner Tony Young gets killed in a saloon and Garner takes appropriate Eastwood style measures hes followed from the saloon by John Marley.<br /><br />Marleys spent time in the nearby territorial prison and it seems as though gold shipments are put under lock and key there on a rest stop for the folks transporting the stuff on a regular run. Garner gets his gang together for a heist.<br /><br />Heres where the movie goes totally off the wall. Usually heist films show the protagonists going into a lot of methodical planning. Certainly that was the case in The War Wagon which some other reviewer cited. But in this one Garner decides to break into the prison as a prisoner of fake US Marshal Dennis Weaver and cause a jailbreak at which time the gold will be robbed. <br /><br />That was just too much to swallow. If taking the gold was this easy it should have been done a long time before. But I will say for those who like the blood and guts of Italian westerns during that prison break theres enough there for three movies.<br /><br />Thats not the whole thing of course the outlaws fall out and we have another gore fest before the film ends. But by that time the whole film has lost a lot of coherency.<br /><br />The great movie singer of the Thirties Allan Jones is listed in the credits. But for the life of me I cant find him in the film. Maybe a chorus of the Donkey Serenade might have made this better.<br /><br />Couldnt have hurt any.',neg

'In my opinion a good documentary - especially one dealing with controversial political issues - should be informative and as unbiased as possible. The point should be revealing the truth. This means in particular having among the interviewees experts on the subject and representatives of all sides. This film is a failure in this regard. Most of the interviews included in this film consist of men off the street expounding on the question of peace in the Holy Land. The wall itself the supposed subject of the film is given no serious treatment at all. For most of the interviews the interviewer simply waits to be approached and asks general questions such as what do you think of the wall? - she does not approach random people near the wall and ask them how they have been directly affected by it. Outside of one interviewee the Israeli general in charge of the walls construction we have no experts on the subject to provide us with the walls context (e.g. how and when the project began whether it has been successful which groups are for and which against the project etc.)<br /><br />Outside of the interviews a very large portion of the film consists of extended shots of uneventful scenes such as head-on shots of the wall construction of the wall and people getting off a bus. These shots take up far too much time in my opinion. Its nice to see what the wall looks like but the 20-30 minutes of head-on filming of the wall (and only the wall) are excessive. Clearly these shots (accompanied by Arabic music that conveys a sense of mourning) are included for the sole purpose of arousing in viewers feelings of loathing for the wall.',neg

'Having seen both Fear of a Black Hat and This is Spinal Tap I can honestly state that while similar both movies are truly must see. There will be many times in Fear that will have you in hysterics. It is no wonder why both movies have such a huge cult following. Fear will soon be available on DVD. Rent it if you must but the only way to fully enjoy this movie is to have it for yourself.',pos

'Once again Woody Allen seems to be completely devoid of any inspiration other than recycling himself. Here we have a mock documentary (like Zelig) the structure of the film is a series of anecdotes (Radio Days Broadway Danny Rose) set in the 30s (Zelig Purple Rose Bullets over Broadway) about a low-life (Deconstructing Harry) who believes being a genius absolves him from being a jerk (ditto). Given this film and Deconstructing Harry one wonders if this is Allens justification for his own actions with Mia Farrows adopted daughter; yes I was a jerk but Im a genius so you gotta love me.<br /><br /> Allen has only produced two good movies in the past ten years; the fine but overpraised Bullets over Broadway and the excellent but largely ignored Manhattan Murder Mystery. His other efforts range from trifles (New York Stories Mighty Aphrodite) to edgy yet experimental (Husbands and Wives) to pure drek (Alice Scenes from a Mall Shadows and Fog Celebrity Deconstructing Harry). His films no longer even try to have a narrative arc and his humor seems to aim at wryly amusing not funny. After Deconstructing Harry I stopped seeing his films in theaters; after Sweet and Lowdown I may stop renting them as well.',neg

'This guy has no idea of cinema. Okay it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship. This all is very good but look carefully: HE DOES NOT KNOW HIS JOB! The scenes are unbalanced without proper start and and with a disordered content and full of emptiness. He has nothing to say about the subject so he over-licitates with violence nakedness and gutter language. How is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art? Why dont they let him succumb in piece?',neg

'I dont understand this movies distinctly average rating!?<br /><br />I really really enjoyed it i even stayed up till early morning to finish watching it on late night t.v<br /><br />There are three excellent characters here excellent characters. Danny DeVito played a gem quite a feat considering he was directing as well. His down trodden laughable at times character was brilliantly written and was surreal in a absolutely believable way. There ARE people like that Owen was just on the line without crossing it.<br /><br />Billy Crystals comic syle and sense of timing was PERFECT for his role. His frustration/comedy was interesting and captivating and whats more... you could understand his feelings. To really feel like you know a character is hard to achieve from the writers point of view to find the right actor to pull it off is an art in itself and both were achieved here thrice over.<br /><br />Thirdly who else could have played Momma? There is no one that can play this part so well. There is a style there unlike any other something you love to watch i found myself waiting for her to appear on screen... and not because the rest was bad oh no but because Mommas character was again so on the line without crossing it that it was excellent to watch.<br /><br />And whats more? A happy ending with new found friendships no one getting hurt and everyone getting what they wanted in life... WITHOUT a big hunk of cheese tied on the end.<br /><br />Brilliant script brilliant idea perfect cast great film.',pos

'I am a fairly big fan of most of the films that have been based on Stephen Kings books - this one rates as one of the scariest and most memorable.<br /><br />I have just finished rewatching it for about the tenth time and I still find it heart-wrenching as well as scary.<br /><br />The scene where Gage is on a sure collision course with the monster truck is one which stands out. And the No fair uttered by little Miko Hughes near the end is a touch of brilliance.<br /><br />',pos

'Had this movie been made just a few years later I would have knocked down the score a point or two because the sound quality was rather poor. At times the movie appeared to be a silent film during the in-between-scenes (normal ambient sounds are missing). But given it was 1931 and a French movie this is quite forgivable. Especially since this also occurs in later French films--by which time the sound difficulties should have been worked out completely (such as in LAtalante from 1934).<br /><br />Okay apart from some minor sound problems this is a cute little film about a missing winning lottery ticket and a long list of people trying to get it. And during the search there are lots of jaunty little songs that you cant help but like. A nice charming film all-in-all.',pos

'Young Quaids fake accent was difficult to accept at times.<br /><br />The show was billed as mystery/suspence but should have been listed as a romance.<br /><br />Dont rent this one if you are sleepy it will knock you out.',neg

'I saw this movie in a theater in Chicago and should have enjoyed it since I love Nemesis but if the first half an hour is skillfully done the rest is just sub-Predator video fodder a long chase through those post-modern empty factories Pyun affectionnates. My girlfriend fell asleep. I still like Pyun though but not this',neg

'I have just finished watching this film and I can honestly say that this is a work of art. I was very surprised to see the overall rating as 5.2.<br /><br />Not only does Guy bring together a b list(ish) movie cast and make them into such glorious characters he has given us a movie with a fantastically diverse story line with much left to the imagination.<br /><br />Far too many people are wanting movies with a plot that can be understood and handed to them on a plate...yet these are the films that get poor reviews because they are far too predictable.<br /><br />This film is special. Get it now!',pos

'Masterpiece. Carrot Top blows the screen away. Never has one movie captured the essence of the human spirit quite like Chairman of the Board. 10/10... dont miss this instant classic.',neg

'In his first go as a Hollywood director Henry Brommell whips an enthralling yarn that is all of penetrating relatable marital issues with melancholic authenticity and lacing such with an equally absorbing subplot of a father-son hit-man business. The film is directed astutely and consists of a wonderfully put together cast as well as a swift family-conscious screenplay (also by Brommell) that brings life to an otherwise fatigued genre. As a bonus Panic delivers subtle acerbic humoran unexpected undeniably charming and very welcome surprisethrough its bumbling unsure-of-himself low-key star whose ever-cool state is enticing especially given his line of work.<br /><br />The forever-great William H. Macy again captures our hearts as Alex a unhappy torn middle-aged husband and father who finds solace in the most dubious of persons: a young attractive equally-messed-up 23-year-old named Sarah (Neve Campbell) whom he meets in the waiting-room at a psychologists office where he awaits the therapy of Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter) to discuss his growing eagerness to quit the family business that his father (Donald Sutherland) built. Alex whose lust to lead a new life is obstructed by the fear of disappointing his dictating father strikes an unwise fancy for Sarah which ultimately leads him to understand the essence and irrefutable responsibility of being a husband to his wife and more importantly to him a good father to his six-year-old son Sammy (played enthusiastically by the endearing David Dorfman).<br /><br />Henry Brommells brilliant Panic is something of a rarity in Hollywood seldom seen (with the exception of 2002s Road to Perdition) since its conception in 2000it weaves two conflicting genres (organized-crime family drama) into a fascinating warm hunk of movie-viewing that is evenly strong in either directionand its one that will maintain its exceptional infrequent caliber and gleaming sincerity for ages to come.',pos

'I think that just sums up this film. Watch it and youll find out why. The acting of the lead character John Keem is really really bad and he has no on screen charisma whatsoever. Its very funny because of this thought as is the ending where Keem beheads the bad guy despite the fact he is unarmed and has surrendered. Brilliant!',pos

'Director Mikhail Kalatozovs film The Cranes are Flying (Letyat zhuravli) is a glorious piece of cinema. From the screenplay by Viktor Rozov based on his own play Kalatozov shows us a vision of the heroism of war and the suffering by those left at home. Inundated with countless war movies showing us the frontlines and the carnage the topic itself becomes tedious and avoidable. However this Russian gem shows how the tale of hardship can be told in a different way; by telling us straight from a soldiers mouth how war is hated by all that they hope those who died did so for a cause that will allow for peace and the end of fighting we see a new vision of WWII. We have young men volunteering to wage war for peace to keep their families and loved ones safe at home rather than draftees fighting a battle they dont believe in. With so much hatred towards our current situation in the Middle East and how people are dying for no reason against their will its nice to see a film that shows just how selfless and heroic these soldiers are as well as those awaiting their return.<br /><br />Communist Russia shows how involved all were in the war. While Boris may have volunteered to go to the frontlines his father is head doctor of a hospital aiding in the mending of soldiers injured and his sister is helping him there as well as his girl Veronika doing all she can to keep her mind off the fact that no letter has arrived from her love. An entire city comes out to send the boys off in celebration. Even the factory that Boris and his friend Stepan work for send representatives over with gifts of gratitude. Whether this is all a glorified look into Russia at the outset of WWII or not I dont know. There are no protests or badmouthing of these boys risking their lives for a country it is all praise and thanks. Some in America could learn a lesson from this because whether you agree with the war at hand or not protesting and wreaking havoc in its name only sullies what these men and women are sacrificing each and everyday.<br /><br />The acting is top-notch throughout but some deserve singling out. I really enjoyed Antonina Bogdanova in a small role as Boris grandmother. She is the one family member he can trust and her sadness at his leaving is very evident on her face and through her body language. Vasili Merkuryev as the patriarch Fyodor Ivanovich brings what is perhaps the best performance. As spoken at the end about fathers needing to choke back hidden tears Merkuryev epitomizes those sentiments. He puts on a tough exterior especially cracking jokes and riding his son hard when he finds out about his volunteering just hours before he must leave. But when Boris exits to go to the assembly station we see the true pain of the man seated in sorrow at the table. He loves his son dearly and although he may not be able to show it to him his actions throughout the film express it to the audience. Aleksey Batalov is effective as Boris a happy-go-lucky young man and idealist doing what he believes is right and Aleksandr Shvorin is good as the villainous Mark staying home due to his talented piano skills or maybe just to steal his cousins love. That love played by Tatyana Samojlova really draws the audience in to her grief dejection and slim glimmer of hope. The true star of the film she must go through many emotions on a journey where she does lose her way needing to steer back on course hoping that she did so soon enough for Boris return.<br /><br />Besides the realism to the story as well as being unafraid to use tragedy to get the theme across I also loved the visual style of the film. Sergei Urusevskys cinematography is amazing especially when considering the movie was shot in fullscreen. It is one thing to create stunning compositions in a widescreen panorama; it is completely different to do so in a square frame. Right from the beginning we get a beautiful static shot of a winding walkway along water a bridge in the background at the top as our two lovers skip their way up the screen and into the distance. There are multiple instances of the camera being behind barriers yet still allowing for the action to be seen creating unique spatial depth and interest at all times. Sharp angles are utilized as well as careful blocking to allow for overhead shots and exaggerated juxtapositions of characters in frame together.<br /><br />The real feats however are those instances of the long shot. Used well towards the end to follow Veronika through the mass of returning soldiers it is magnificent earlier on as she roams through those saying goodbye to their loved ones while she searches for Boris her own farewell needing to be said. The planning for this shot must have been extensive because while she weaves in and out of people the camera focuses on couples kisses people yelling to one another and more all purposely in frame at specific moments while the camera moves through. Everyone needed to hit his mark precisely and it leads to a brilliant piece of cinema. Its just one part of an overall masterpiece of tone and style; The Cranes are Flying shows how successful placement and mise en scène can be in showing the audience what it needs in as simple a way as possible. Composition and professionalism from the actors and crew can work wonders adding something that huge setpieces and special effects can never do.',pos

'quite good dont expect anything high culture.......the acting is bad the storyline fails but it is still a fairly nice movie to watch. why? because its dark a little bit stupid like unpredictable and just entertaining and fun to watch. do not expect anything like i said just see it for yourself and you know what i mean.<br /><br />it is a movie without a plot or memorable acting but there are enough scenes that will make you laugh cry or at least make you feel compelled to watch it to the end...<br /><br />this is all i wanted to say....<br /><br />7 / 10',pos

'Just Before Dawn came out during the golden days of the slasher film. The backwoods slasher pretty much started with films like Friday the 13th The Burning and Madman. Just Before Dawn is a step ahead of the typical backwoods slasher flick. The cinematography is gorgeous. The acting is top notch. The heroine of the film is not your typical final girl.<br /><br />Constance is a woods girl but when it comes down to the primal instinct of survival shes a step behind. Not until it comes to saving the life of her and her boyfriend does the primal notion of survival kick in. Theres a subtle transition that gradually focuses on the final girls hidden sexuality - coinciding that alongside her will to survive.<br /><br />Just Before Dawn isnt for everyone but for the slasher fan its as close to perfect as you can get. The killer(s) are very menacing - Almost like its a game to maim and murder anyone who crosses their territory. The end scene is a bit off kilter. For the first time viewer it may be a little shocking. Id recommend this to anyone whos a fan of the backwoods slasher. Even non-slasher fans will find something to like about it. The setting is eerie and makes one feel uneasy. The death sequences arent particularly gory but Im not sure the film needed gore. See it!',pos

'I was in this movie as an extra in the Dallas filming in July 1975. Some of the things you see todayand take for granted in movie making were implemented in this movie. The movie premise the costumes the special effects the acting. It all was ahead of its time. It opened the door for movies such as Star Wars the Terminator the Matrix and X-Men movies. Now people look at it and they say Well this does not add up to this new special effects story... It did not have any computer graphics and such as the new movies do these days. It did have a story and a wonderful cast and a hell of a director! The places it was filmed like the Dallas World Trade Center and the Zale Buildingand the Ft. Worth Water Gardens were at that time the most modern and futuristic backdrops in which to film. The director Michael Anderson was very creative and he tried to show a perfect future that was flawed by human desires and frailtys. It was my first film experience the first of six films I have been in. Just because it was filmed in Texas does not make it any less a wonderful piece of filmmakers art. Watch it again and appreciate it more. This movie was the foundation that set the standard for many great films that we now enjoy. Well my hand is blinking... I got to run. Santuary awaits...',neg

'I opted to see the film at the recent Dubai Film Festival because it had been selected to the Cannes film festivals prestigious Competition section. I was surprised that Cannes could be so off the mark in judging quality.<br /><br />The film some reviewers have noted does not have too much of gunfire--but the inherent violence is repulsive. Imagine killing your enemy/competitor in front of your young son..or forcing someone to eat a porcelain spoon to prove loyalty. There are some hints of the contrasting Corleone sons in Copollas Godfather that seem to resurface here in this Chinese/Hong Kong film but the quality of the two are as distinctly different as chalk and cheese.<br /><br />This film is only recommended for violence junkies..there is no great cinema here. At best it might be considered to be better than the usual Run Run Shaw production for production values.',neg

'If youre a fan of the late Gram Parsons then this movie is definitely going to divide you! Part comedy part road movie but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of rock historys oddest tales.<br /><br />SPOILERS-- <br /><br />Basically the story concerns a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who supposedly made a pact with cult rock/country/folk music hero Gram Parsons that stated when one of them died first (it didnt matter which one it was) that the other living one was to take the deceased out to the desert Joshua Tree National Park in California to be exact and set the body ablaze...so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth and so on! Sure to keep his word the barely sober Kaufman with the assistance of a self-hating pot-headed buddy jacks the body of the late Parsons -whom had fatally overdosed from a drug and booze bender a day prior- from the airport. And shortly after that what ensues is a cringe-worthy combination of fiction and truth where the late Parsons girlfriend Kaufmans girlfriend Parsons stone-faced father and a gaggle of police officers and other pointless idiotic characters all try to beat the clock (so to speak) in trying to catch Kaufman and his pal before they get the chance to torch Parsons body! <br /><br />The films incompetent direction bad acting and lame offbeat tone in general all sink this movie faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the huge fact that this movie is not even halfway telling the truth of the actual events that took place. The accuracies that should have replaced the inaccuracies as far as Ive heard them include: number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child so what the hell was that all about with the girlfriends and the chasing and whatnot? number 2. Kaufmans drugged-out buddy was a known willing participant (unlike what the movie attempts to portray) in the disposing of Parsons body and finally number 3. Gram Parsons real-life father died when he was just a boy and so it was Parsons step-father (who could have honestly cared less about Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in real-life that took care of the body after it was torched! Altogether though what probably disturbs me the most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually on set to help assist with the facts of the story. And yet still the movie ended up becoming so untrue and so bad that it really boggles my mind frankly! <br /><br />Also as the mediocre aforementioned acting in the film is concerned its lead character played by the ultra-grating Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman) is not only a bad actor but it actually seems as if he were asleep throughout most of the movie and the rest of the pathetic cast are for the most part either hysterical brain-dead or seem utterly clueless as to what theyre actually doing there in the first place! Overall if you like Johnny Knoxville and or really dig the so-bad-theyre-not-even-good buddy flicks then I suppose you just might get a kick out of this movie! But if youre like me and are a fan of the late Gram Parsons enjoy films that attempt to tell the truth as much as they can especially if theyre based on an actual real-life story and or you just like good films be-them road movies or fictional slice-of-life stuff you will truly loathe this film and advise others to do likewise. I obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been made in the first place but since it was made I would have preferred it to have turned out differently than what it did unfortunately! Maybe some day the real facts of the story will come through and be made into a really great biopic on all of Gram Parsons life...not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it. But until that time comes all we as an audience and or fans of the late performer get is this sad waste of film and an all-around terrible memorial (of sorts) to the musical legacy that Gram Parsons was known to have left behind. It should also be noted that they did actually use Parsons music and a few others as well in the flick but not surprisingly though you never get to hear enough of it to really enjoy it even in the slightest bit. (Turkey-Zero Stars)',neg

'For me Pink Flamingos lived up to its reputation as being the shocking disgusting repulsive trashy film I was expecting it to be that really contains everything but the kitchen sink. We are treated to almost two hours of nastiness that never lets up: rape sex sex with chickens transsexuals castration murder cannibalism and a horrid display of singing out ones anus. It is about a strange couple who begin a competition with a trailer trash family trying to steal their title as the filthiest people alive. Divine (a fat guy in drag) is an unbelievably vile human being who actually becomes painful to watch. Trust me when I say that this film is not one to be quickly forgotten especially the end scene in which Divine eats dog crap off the sidewalk. I have always thought John Waters was over-rated and I cannot say I like this film but it is an experience if you ever get a chance to see it.',pos

'**Possible Spoilers Ahead**<br /><br />Gerald Mohr a busy B-movie actor during the Forties and Fifties leads an expedition to Mars. Before we get to the Red Planet were entertained by romantic patter between Mohr and scientist Nora Hayden; resident doofus Jack Kruschen; and the sight of Les Tremayne as another scientist sporting a billy-goat beard. The Martian exteriors feature fake backdrops and tints ranging from red to pink-the Cinemagic process touted in the ads. Real cool monsters include a giant amoeba a three-eyed insect creature an oversized Venus Fly-Trap and the unforgettable rat/bat/spider. The whole bizarre adventure is recalled by survivor Hayden under the influence of hypnotic drugs. THE ANGRY RED PLANET reportedly has quite a cult following and it probably picked up most of its adherents during the psychedelic Sixties.',neg

'The CinemaScope color cinematography of Leon Shamroy is quite remarkable hereincluding his use of colored filters for<br /><br />various scenes. The Alfred Newmann Score has to be the most sensual and seductive score Hollywood ever produced. Its a shame it is no longer available on CD. The actors however never rise to the occasion. The accents are so varied from the subdued British of Ustinov and Purdom to the Hollywood of Baxter and Mature that it seems a true hodgepodge with no central vision. Tommy Rettig is jarringly American. Acting styles span the range from zombie-like to stilted. Only Ustinov as a conniving one-eyed servant steals the show - what there is of it to steal. The premise - the story of a young Egyptian doctor seduced and abandoned by the rich - and the parallel theme of the cult of the single God Ra - persecuted by the authorities has its interesting points. But when the films plot fades it is the haunting music and visuals that remain.',neg

'I have seen a lot of PPVs in the past but this is the most entertaining intense PPV and the most complete DVD i have ever seen. The DVD extras are worth it because they it gives a different view of how the wrestlers act after the show (such as the chris benoit interview/edge interview) some glimpse into the Monday Night Wars erathe first match of Hogan winning tag title gold and some promotional talk. Additionally there is a good music video.<br /><br />1. Tag Team Table match: Bubby Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerro and Chris benoit 7/10 This was a pretty good intense match to start off the show. Not too many holds and just pure raw physicallity. Spike can hold his own in tables matches and Guerro and Benoit gave good pure wrestling skills on the mat. <br /><br />2. WWE Crusierweight championship: Jamie Noble w/ Nidia v. Billy Kidman 3/10 The crowd really didnt care about either wrestler and didnt get interested until Kidman did a shooting star press. Usually people expect a lot of high flying in a cruiser weight championship but this had very little. In fact it was so bad that when Noble hit his finisher no one even cared or knew (you can tell by the lack of cameras flashing). The ending was quick though. <br /><br />3. WWE European Championship: Jeff hardy v. William Regal 5/10 Ive never really liked regal as a wrestler he lacks intensity and style. Hardy was impressive but really didnt get a chance to show off his high flying act although he still performed some good counters and added that needed fast pace to the match. It ended off quickly which was perfect for this match. <br /><br />4. John Cena v. Chris Jericho 6/10 Its funny looking back at Cenas very first PPV how he used to act how he used to dress and how he used to look (watch his interview its pretty funny). This was a good intense match with Cena showing a nice variety of holds suplexes counters and some aerial. Jericho was sub-par but definitely helped Cena launch his career. Cena Wins.<br /><br />5. WWE Intercontenital championship: RVD v. Brock Lesnar 8/10 This was a very intense and good match. Both wrestlers styles really matched up well on the screen with Brocks pure power and raw energy vs. RVDs skill full moves and quickness. RVD looked great in this match (better than his later matches with edge and cena)and the entire match was fast pace. The ending worked perfectly because it still preserved Brocks undefeated streak while giving RVD his just desserts in his home state.<br /><br />6. No disqualification match: Booker T v. Big Show 7/10 Another solid match that lacked a certain intensity as the RVD match but still a good follow up. Although it started off kinda slow (which it always is with big show) Booker T was impressive and did a sick move on the announcers table. The finisher was awesome the ending was a great upset and big move up for Booker T.<br /><br />7. WWE Tag Team Championship: Hogan and Edge v. Christian and Lance storm 5/10 This was a mediocre match. Hogan comes out like usual to a huge pop but his variety of moves lacks that intensity and energy. Then again Christian doesnt exactly have the greatest athletic abilities himself. This ended up being a mediocre match at best but was still OK for PPV. <br /><br />8. Triple Threat Match for the Undisputed Championship: 10/10. Rock v. Undertaker v. Kurt Angle.<br /><br />Easily the match of the year. This is by far the best triple threat match i have ever seen. It had close falls plenty of finishers stolen finishers raw energy intensity and fast pace. No one could predict who would come out of this one. If your going to buy this DVD i would buy it strictly for this match. (ending? watch for yourself!)<br /><br />Overall this was a solid PPV with plenty of extra goodies to keep you watching again and again. Although this is hard to find (i had to pay a little more than usual for this DVD) it is definitely worth your money.',pos

'Stay FAR AWAY from this film. The fact that youre reading reviews tells me you may have already been tainted by the awfulness it carrys. This is a truely horrid movie... so lets get down to the problems. Writing and Direction: It wouldnt surprise me if these were handled by a group of overactive gradeschoolers that watched scream and I know what you did last summer a few too many times. GIANT GAPING plot holes abound; while I cant congratulate them for this movie its nice knowing theyre finally potty trained. Actors(or lack thereof): Only the finest for this film... the finest extras ever to grace a screen now starring in their speaking role debut! As a disclaimer I have to note that I am capable of watching and enjoying just about anything. I recognize a good movie when I see it but I can still giggle and smirk during Bubble Boy (yes folks its true); so when I say to avoid something you KNOW Im not kidding.',neg

'Oceans 12<br /><br />If you steal fifty million dollars they will find you. (Alan Rickman as Hans Gruber Die Hard)<br /><br />This adage certainly rings true in this sequel. Terry Benedict has been informed that Danny Ocean and his compadres were the ones who ripped him off and now he wants it all back. The Ocean gang need a lot of money and fast but cannot work in the states as Benedict has made it impossible for them. So its off to Europe to perform acts of death defying thievery whilst trying to avoid Catherine Zeta Jones super cop an old flame from Rustys (Pitts) past. <br /><br />On their first heist in Amsterdam they find out that who ratted on them was the Night Fox a super slick thief with a legend complex. He issues them with a challenge that could write off their debt in full or land them in some kind of Uma Thurman-Kill Bill II-buried-alive-type-sequence. Interesting? Well yes. Slow? Sort of. Entertaining? Mostly. Unnecessary scenes of character development? Plenty. <br /><br />Ocean and his band of merry men are charismatic if nothing else and as this is a sequel and we are all old friends we see plenty more pally situations and conversations. Too many. Damons Linus is more nervous than before; the cousins are bickering as we knew they would; Bernie Mac talks too much and Don Cheadles cock-er-ney accent is as bad as ever (I really like Cheadle but could not abide this). Pitt and Clooney talk like old friends filling each others glasses and reading each others minds. However what worked so well in the last film was the lack of character development versus how slick the whole damned op was. And as much as these actors work well together Zeta Jones fits into this film like a big square peg in a tight 11 sided hole. She simply doesnt fit and her chemistry with Pitt is non-existent.<br /><br />The stars of this film for me however were Vincent Cassel as the Night Fox and Soderberghs choice of locations. Cassel plays pomp and wealth as if he was born into both. His Night Fox is arrogant awfully cavalier with other peoples lives (Danny Ocean) and a total contrast to the Ocean gang. This is where I think the film loses its way. Cassel and the European locations provide an all too realistic contrast with the American actors and the style of the first film. We want slick brash and quick-witted; not gritty considered and intellectual. This is where the film doesnt work.<br /><br />Admittingly you cannot repeat the same formula twice to the letter but going to far left or right usually does more damage than good in a mainstream film like this.',pos

'If folks were really this stupid I could be the SRW - Supreme Ruler of the World. In this one Knotts plays a dimwitted bean counter for some little jerk water town run by a group of crooked simpletons only slightly brighter than he is. When things appear a bit shaky for the crooks they go for a frame-up of the patsy Figg. Plenty of laughs as Knotts does his usual bumbling stumbling act. I especially appreciated the extension cord scene; asininity at its highest level.',pos

'My Comments for VIVAH :- Its a charming idealistic love story starring Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The film takes us back to small pleasures like the bride and bridegrooms families sleeping on the floor playing games together their friendly banter and mutual respect. Vivah is about the sanctity of marriage and the importance of commitment between two individuals. Yes the central romance is naively visualized. But the sneaked-in romantic moments between the to-be-married couple and their stubborn resistance to modern courtship games makes you crave for the idealism. The film predictably concludes with the marriage and the groom on the wedding night tells his new bride who suffers from burn injuries: Come let me do your dressing<br /><br />V I V A H - showcases a lot of good things - beauty of arranged marriage beauty of Indian culture beauty of Indian woman last but not least a nice IDEALISM of the about-to-be-couple waiting to get married .... playing by the rules ! Simple yet Beautiful; Such a Simple story .... no plot ... no villain - as is the case with most of Sooraj Barjatya films. Sooraj sir is back to what he does BEST. He has made the movie with FULL CONVICTION. Its a very sweet film - which teaches the current generation a lot of good things bout Arranged Marriage & the Union of 2 Families. I think AMRITA RAO - looks very good & she has acted very well. She has most of the good scenes - although i thought the last half hour was completely to Shahid Kapur - who for a change gives an awesomely restrained performance. I also liked the acting of all others for ex. the Choti i.e. Amrita Prakash Alok Nath Anupam Kher Shahids bro & sis-in-law. It almost seemed as real and recognizable as it could. Sooraj sir has got another nice family film to his credit after Maine Pyar Kiya HAHK & Hum Saath Saath Hain. The chemistry between Shahid & Amrita is AWESOME.<br /><br />Stuff like Sanctity in a Marriage/Relationship Avoiding Courtship Mutual Respect Care & Space Waiting for getting Married officially Praying/Sacrficing for Ur Beloved - all these and more get SHOWCASED in Vivah. Theres still some good audience who r going & enjoying this film. Some of the folks/audience are already excited after seeing that they r thinking bout Arranged-Marriage :) Thats Success if you ask me. it seems AMRITA RAO - our actress-from-Vivah {Result for a nice performance} has been bestowed the prestigious DADSAHEB PHALKE award for 2006 !! Hats off to her for this achievement Chalo even though Vivah  Shahid or Amrita didnt get any of the film-fare & other awards; @ least this is news to CHEER about !! Congrats to AMRITA RAO- for showing us a visual of Indian Bride-to-be in the purest form and Of Course to Sooraj Barjatya for portraying her the best way :) Shudnt forget Shahid Kapur and all others who make VIVAH as sweet and legendary as it is today !! Imagine to share the same pedestal as the legendary Dilip Kumar .......... Its no mean achievement !! Congrats to Amrita Rao - for taking her Career to another level with this award .... I personally feel - she should keep doing movies only with Shahid Kapur !! They make a cute couple and their on-screen chemistry reminds me of {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chawla} ................. <br /><br />Some points that I observedfew of the elements :- #1 If u notice carefully Amrita Rao looks so good because shes always wearing traditional dresses. She gives every bit of the Indian Woman essence - in this film !! Perfect Fit #2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - not exactly ready for marriage or early-marriage .... but PREM listens carefully to the step-wise talk given by his DAD - having full faith in Anupam Kher. Eventually Honesty & Trust are the keywords that he reflects in his first talk with Amrita. Most people would think such a first meeting with a total stranger plus for a limited time is never enough to judge a person. But according to what I saw in this film I have a feeling - that Two people who are made for each other can connect within a 1st meet also Its possible !!! #3 In the entire movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences where Shahid & Amrita are together - or shown to be together. Its unlike most other romantic/wedding-based movies where Hero & Heroine are always singing/dancing or nowadays - doing cheap stuff. But the beauty of each of these 5 sequences :- Characterized by restraint innocence & respect for the other ! #4 I really liked the relationship shown between Chacha ALOK NATH & Amrita Rao. These kinda movies should highlight the indifference shown to daughters/girl-kids in some parts of India. #5 Romantic scenes between lead couple are shot very nicely - no cheap scenessongs are beautifully pictured !! Words like Jalpraarthana e.t.c. are going to be buzzwords for all girls who liked this film :) Personally I really am fond of many dialogs in this film. #6 Last but not the least - The entire Hospital Scene where Shahid puts sindhoor to Amrita when shes struggling for Life - is terrific. Those dialogs between the couple are so touching and U feel the LOVE/I-cant-do-without-U ; Its a Hats-Off feeling !!! <br /><br />*** In many ways VIVAH reminded me of Maine Pyar Kiya DDLJ Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam - for the freshness/on-screen-chemistry of the LEAD pair :) :) *** IF U ASK ME :- Along with films like Rang De Basanti Lage Raho Munnabhai DOR CORPORATE and Kabul Express V I V A H ranks among the best films made in 2006. IN FACT - i think Vivah does deserve better viewing/business than Dhoom2 or Fanaa or Golmaal or all those time-pass/fuzzy/style/crap movies !!',pos

'This film is one of the classics of cinema history. It was not made to please modern audiences so some people nowadays may think it is creaky or stilted. I found it to be absorbing throughout. Cherkassov has exactly the right presence to play Alexander Nevskyi just as he did when he played Ivan Groznyi (Ivan the Terrible) several years later. The music was beautiful.<br /><br />My one complaint was the poor soundtrack that was quite garbled. Although I only know a little Russian it would have been nice to be able to pick out more words rather than having to rely almost 100\% on the subtitles. I was watching this on an old videotape from the library though. Perhaps by now a DVD version exists on which the sound has been enhanced. I would like to know whether the actors were using archaic Russian or even Old Church Slavonic when they were speaking. The subtitles were strangely worded and its hard for me to tell whether this was to reflect an older manner of speaking or whether the subtitles were just somewhat poorly done.',pos

'Terry West had a good idea w this movie. He just didnt flesh it thru. There are endless shots of the creepy looking schools exteriors that go on forever and probably to pad the films running time. Also at this school there are only 2 students. Misty Mundae is good as usual but this film will always belong to Ruby LaRocca (which is the only reason to watch the film in the beginning). If the script centered on her interesting character wed have a movie to watch. She is so GORGEOUS!! Good news for DVD buyers Terry Wests earlier (and better) film Blood For The Muse is a special feature. One thing Id like to say is that this movie feels like someone whos not good at delivering the punch line at the end of a long joke for the ending feels that very same way. Then again just watch this for Ruby LaRocca.',neg

'Yep you read that right kids. Michael Bay shouldve studied this film before making either of his over hyped overlong overly pointless Transformers movies. Robot Jox is better than both of them and it probably cost less than the Transformers crew spent on Megan Foxs personal trainer.<br /><br />Thankfully this little robotic gem initially known mainly for being the film that bankrupted Charles and Albert Bands Empire Pictures studio seems to have developed a cult following over the years. I fondly remember watching it on VHS during its initial video release in the early 90s and though some of the Cold War-era politics/stereotypes were already out of date by that time (just the Bands luck that Communism would fall while the film was sitting on a shelf waiting to be released eh?) its still a pretty damn cool little B-Movie. They really dont makeem like this anymore or if they do they go the Bay route and CGI things to unbearable proportions.<br /><br />For those who are unfamiliar heres the Robo-scoop: Were somewhere in the future and after a nuclear holocaust large scale wars have been outlawed. Disputes between nations are now settled mano-a-mano (or perhaps that should be machine-o-machine-o) by one representative from each side battling each other in giant sized Shogun Warrior style robots. Whichever bot walks away from the fight wins for his side. Gary Graham (who would later go on to play Detective Sykes in the Alien Nation TV series) plays Achilles the greatest Robot Jock in Marketplace (a.k.a. the good guys) history. Achilles has been undefeated in his previous nine Robot bouts (ten being the maximum number of battles before a Jock is retired) and at the beginning of the film he faces off against his counterpart from the Confederation (i.e. The Russkies!) the psychotic Alexander (who is the most over the top evil Russian stereotype bad guy since Dolph Lundgrens infamous turn as Ivan Drago in Rocky IV). The match is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal Robot Move at the last minute and ends up not only embarrassing Achilles but killing a whole bunch of spectators in the bargain. A rematch is scheduled to complete the bout but Achilles simply wants to bow out hang up his helmet and move on with his life. Rather than violate the Spoiler Rules by revealing much more I will simply say that there are a great deal of twists and turns behind the scenes skullduggery and other difficulties for Achilles and his fellow Jox before the two robotic titans clash finally once again in the finale.<br /><br />I hope Im not making this movie out to be some sort of masterpiece of science fiction because it isnt. Robot Jox is just plain fun. Ill grant that it is a bit higher-concept than your average B-grade sci-fi movie and though the budgetary constraints do occasionally make themselves known (especially in the scenes involving some painfully obvious green-screen trickery) it is still the best looking movie ever to come out of the Empire/Full Moon Pictures factory. The robot fight scenes are very well done using old school stop motion/model techniques and the sets and costumes dont look half-assed in the slightest. Empire Pictures and director Stuart (Re-Animator) Gordon were definitely shooting for the stars with this picture. Unfortunately it didnt quite pan out for them (or the studio) but at least we got one heckuva cool little movie out of the deal. Bottom line: if you want to be aurally and visually assaulted for 2+ hours feel free to rent a Transformers movie. By the end youre likely to feel like youve spent all that time watching someone else play a video game. If you want to have a rockem sockem robot good time pick up Robot Jox instead.',pos

'After seeing The Aristocats: Special Edition in a two pack with The Fox in the Hound I decided to buy it since both of these films were childhood favourites.<br /><br />The Aristocats is a classic definitely. It might not be a five-star classic but it is a fun film and makes a good evenings entertainment. It is somewhat a light refreshment from the darker more serious Disney classics. The Aristocats tries to be a light-hearted musical comedy and I think it just about succeeds.<br /><br />The storyline doesnt really make much sense and I dont think the plot is particularly strong but it is certainly not weak. The animation and backgrounds are a bit scratchy in places typical of Disneys 70s films but it does have a rustic old fashioned charm about it.<br /><br />The Aristocats strongest points are the characters the music and the humour. The music is very memorable - try getting Everybody Wants To Be A Cat out your head in a hurry! The songs are written by the Sherman Brothers who also did the music for The Jungle Book. There was one song called She Never Felt Alone that was going to be in the film but sadly didnt make it into the final feature. It is a shame because I think it would have fit in very well.<br /><br />The characters are unforgettable. Thomas OMalley is voiced by Phil Harris and is basically Baloo in a feline form. Eva Gabor gives Duchess this warm and maternal feel and the kittens voices actually sound like children and not an actor imitating the voice of a child. The secondary characters are here by the dozen and yet you still end up understanding their personalities. Edgar the villainous butler plays a similar role to Cruella De Vil but hes more comical than scary often ending up in funny situations. Even though hes the bad guy hes still lovable all the same.<br /><br />The two British geese - Abigail and Amelia really had me cracking up along with their crazy (and drunk) uncle. I also like the dogs who tend to argue over who is the leader. I could go on but I wont spoil it. But I can tell you The Aristocats is funny and will entertain everyone without having to resort to rudimentary toilet humour.<br /><br />The bottom line - The Aristocats might not be Disneys crowning achievement or even their strongest film from the 70s (that award is a tie between The Rescuers and The Many Adventures of Whinnie the Pooh). But it is an enjoyable romp and is sure to entertain. If you are looking for a dazzling work of art you might be better off watching Bambi. But if you want a fun night in The Aristocats is the way to go. It is a charming and lovable film and its impossible to dislike. Enjoy! (And besides its good to have a film where cats arent seen as the villains).',pos

'The true story of a Spanish paraplegic Ramón Sampedro who fought for decades for the right to be euthenized. This film along with the Best Picture winner of the same year Million Dollar Baby caused a stir that year with their depictions of disabled persons desiring death. Both advocates for the disabled and (unfortunately for the disability advocates) conservative pro-life groups protested both films and their Oscar nominations. The nominations also came during the entire Terry Schiavo debacle just to put it all in some historical perspective. The protests especially from the disability groups against Million Dollar Baby make some sense  the film clearly depicted without wavering the life of a paraplegic as worthless. The films central character Maggie Fitzgerald becomes a paraplegic doesnt seem to get any counseling whatsoever no help whatsoever and immediately wants to die. The film is honestly pretty dumb and uncomplex. The Sea Inside based on the true story is certainly a lot more thoughtful on the subject. It most likely got railroaded into the same category as Million Dollar Baby without its protesters having even seen it an incredibly common phenomenon. The film does give time to many different sides of the argument. And it immediately declares that the wish to die is that of the protagonist and the protagonist alone. It is guilty of a couple of crimes though and Id still understand why disability groups could have a problem with it. First and foremost theres the protagonists meeting with a paraplegic bishop. I dont look kindly on the way hes depicted. His orally operated wheelchair is depicted as absurd and theres almost a comic sequence where his effeminate boy-toy servants are dragging him in his chair up the stairs. He cant even reach the room in which Ramón is located and one of the boy-toys is forced to carry the conversation between them. I had to think gee maybe if Ramón lived in a slightly more wheelchair-accessible household he wouldnt spend his entire life in bed and might find life more fulfilling (who knows how closely the film depicts the reality). Director Amenábar (The Others) also includes some laughable scenes that try to make this film about suicide more life-affirming like a cross-cut sequence where Ramón looks thoughtful and his lawyers baby is born. But besides a few ugly moments the film is very good. It hurts that someone may want to die when they have the ability to bring so much joy and insight into the lives of others. However in the end our lives do belong to us. Shouldnt we have the right to choose? The films strongest asset is its supporting characters and the actors who play them. It depicts how Ramóns fight and decisions affect those around him with a beautiful precision. The family members in particular are great and Ramóns final departure from them is absolutely heartbreaking and had me in tears. My favorite performance in the film comes from Lola Dueñas whom I also felt gave the best or at least certainly most undervalued performance in Almodóvars Volver last year.',pos

'A little nonsense now and then is cherished by the wisest men.<br /><br />If you are too smart to watch this movie then you are too smart to be alive. <br /><br />Wonderful romp wonderful premise period piece done with acute eye for detail.<br /><br />Walter Matthau Meg Ryan Tim Robbins - et al - just wonderful!<br /><br />Rent it sit down relax take it in smile a little. Enjoy yourself. <br /><br />Then thank me.',pos

'the first Childs Play was an original and effective little horror movie. as expected though the 2 horrible sequels seemed to spell the end for this franchise.<br /><br />well when i heard they were making a 4th one called bride of chucky i just rolled my eyes and muttered a ...when will they ever learn.<br /><br />but when i heard that they had gotten a great director Ronny Yu and a solid cast including the awe inspiring Jennifer Tilly my interest in it perked up.<br /><br />this film is extremely well done. it has a great sense of humor highly stylized graphic violence great cinematography and the stunningly sexy Jennifer Tilly strutting her most impressive stuff during the first half. (i should add that she is also a fantastic actress as well.)<br /><br />it keeps its tongue firmly in cheek without veering into campy territory. the doll effects are great and the verbal interplay between them is priceless. its more of a horror/comedy than straight horror but the humor is welcome and well integrated. <br /><br />ive already heard that theyre planning a Son of Chucky. if they can match the quality of this film than maybe this franchise will have made a legitimate comeback.<br /><br />rating:8.5',pos

'Thank goodness for the Coen Brothers. Their success has brought them bigger budgetsbut hasnt rid them of their creativity. I had planned on seeing another movie but it was sold out so I went to this one instead. By the time it began I had forgotten what movie I was there to see. I was surprised in more ways than one. This movie is hilarious but they dont make any cheap jokes just to get the laughs. The writing is brilliant and delivered with great skill by George Clooney (after this nobody can say hes just a pretty face) and the rest of the cast. It can be appreciated on many levels whether you remember the Odyssey or not. I cant remember the last time I saw a movie that was this clever. Ive seen others I would describe as beautiful intriguing funny and charming all of which also describe Oh Brother but this movie reminded me of older seinfeld episodes where all the subplots came together in the end. You can feel that their journey is building up to something but you cant tell what. And the Coen brothers do not fail us the end is certainly not disappointing. Its surprising and ties up all the loose ends neatly without wearing the story out.',pos

'I rented this movie because it falls under the genres of romance and western with some Grand Canyon scenery thrown in. But if youre expecting a typical wholesome romantic western forget it. This movie is pure trash! The romance is between a YOUNG GIRL who has not even gone through puberty and a MIDDLE-AGED MAN! The child is also lusted after by other leering men. Its sickening.<br /><br />Peter Fonda is portrayed as being virtuous by trying to resist his attraction to Brooke Shields and her character is mostly the one that pursues the relationship. He tries to shoo her off at first but eventually he gives in and they drive off as a happy loving couple. Its revolting.<br /><br />I dont see how this movie could appeal to anyone except pedophiles.',neg

'Ashley Judd in an early role and I think her first starring role shows her real-life rebellious nature in this slow-moving feminist soap opera. Wow is this a vehicle for political correctness and extreme Liberalism or what?<br /><br />Being a staunch feminist in real life she must have cherished this script. No wonder Left Wing critic Roger Ebert loved this movie; its right up his political alley too.<br /><br />Unlike the reviewers here I am glad Judd elevated herself from this moronic fluff to better roles in movies that entertained not preached the heavy-handed Liberal agenda.',neg

'Spoiler for anyone who is lucky enough to ever see this film (so not really spoiler after all). Saw this film when it was released and can still remember parts of it. Its all set in a small town in the west or what is left of that town. It more resembles a ghost town with few inhabitants. Among them a couple where the wife is especially wicked. She lets her man die in the end of the film and leaves the town but has to cross the desert. We never know what happens to her next but just before she left her dying man shoots after her and deliberately does not hit her and instead the water supply. She is not aware of that soon she will be very thirsty. Mark Damon kills a couple of bad guys in a funny manor - but thats another story which I dont remember too good. The remaining impression of the film was that it was one of the first times I saw a really wicked woman on film who pretends to be anything but wicked - cant be compared with the witch in Snowwhite who in comparison is easy to find out. Very tight western with few main characters and still absorbing.',pos

'An MTV-style film crew consisting of American T.V. programme producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi) his camerawoman the Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer dudes named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) arrive on some nice looking island somewhere its not actually revealed where. The crew plan to shoot an expose on bloodsurfing which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports. Surfers throw bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks just to see if they can out-surf them without being eaten. Once there they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect location leads them to the shark infested waters of Lilo-Cay. Sonny Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in their boat. Soon after arriving and having already shot some bloodsurfing footage Sonny Melba and Lemmya are all killed by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile that some say owns the island. The boat is sunk. Zack Cecily Bog and Jeremy appear stuck on the island until such time a rescue party arrives. However after a run in with some erm well I dont really know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who just dont like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly who cares? Not me thats for sure. Anyway after escaping from these guys who look like pirates they are picked up just off the coast of the island by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girl Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif). The film crew believe they have been saved. Little do they know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks go way back and he has a score to settle and four members of a film crew arent going to stop him. Captain Dirks heads back to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with the giant man-eating crocodile.<br /><br />Directed by James D.R. Hickox this is one awful film but its still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this film sucks. The script by Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy is terrible extremely slow as the crocodile isnt even seen or mentioned before the 30 minute mark and by that time I was seriously bored and annoyed with the hideously unlikeable characters thought up by Bernard and Levy. The whole film is also frustratingly predictable as well within the first 10 minutes anyone familiar with horror film stereotypes and stock characters will be able to guess who dies and who will survive. The crocodile effects are awful and seem to be repeated over and over there is a small puppet head that obviously has someones arm stuck inside it controlling its movements as the water splashes become huge! The CGI shots of the crocodile are just plain embarrassing to watch. There is no gore apart from when a character is bitten in half which is achieved using CGI to digitally remove the actors legs again it looks terrible. There is also a brief scene when someone is impaled on wooden spikes when they set a trap off. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex plus the female actresses are nice and easy on the eye. There are basic continuity and logical errors in the film too in one sequence Cecily is filming Bog and Jeremy bloodsurfing but from the angle and distance she is at it would be physically impossible to obtain footage of both the sharks and surfers at the same time and surely that is the whole point of her shot? When Dirks manages to harpoon the crocodile the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shots in one shot the angle of the line looks like its coming from the sky in the shot straight after the angle is completely different and it seems as if the line is coming from below the surface of the water when in actual fact the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost level with the surface. I could carry on like why does the crocodile jump off the edge of a cliff if its so smart as this film tries to make out? But I would probably exceed the 1000 word limit if I listed everything that was wrong with this film so I wont. I hated this film but rather scarily its still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers effort at a giant crocodile film. Definitely one to avoid.',neg

'I was REALLY disappointed with this movie. I had heard some great reviews about it and unfortunately missed seeing it in theaters. As a result of this I was really excited to see it when it came to DVD. I thought that it was going to be a high-paced horror movie with a lot of scary surprises but instead it was a snail-paced predictable movie. It dragged and dragged without a climax in it and after all the difficulties that those people went through to try and escape the ending was completely frustrating. I gave this movie two stars for one reason. This is not your typical horror movie with one central bad guy slashing a bunch of people to death. The story makes this movie unique and provides a change for people who watch a lot of horror movies. Even though I dont like this movie I recommend that all horror fans do see it at least once. You may surprisingly like it. As for this horror fan all I can say is that I hope there ISNT a sequel to this forgettable movie.',neg

'Stay FAR AWAY from this film. The fact that youre reading reviews tells me you may have already been tainted by the awfulness it carrys. This is a truely horrid movie... so lets get down to the problems. Writing and Direction: It wouldnt surprise me if these were handled by a group of overactive gradeschoolers that watched scream and I know what you did last summer a few too many times. GIANT GAPING plot holes abound; while I cant congratulate them for this movie its nice knowing theyre finally potty trained. Actors(or lack thereof): Only the finest for this film... the finest extras ever to grace a screen now starring in their speaking role debut! As a disclaimer I have to note that I am capable of watching and enjoying just about anything. I recognize a good movie when I see it but I can still giggle and smirk during Bubble Boy (yes folks its true); so when I say to avoid something you KNOW Im not kidding.',neg

'In a lot of ways this film defines the essence of everything I love about cinema in terms of capturing those strange elusive moments of unguarded truth. In other ways it is undeniably an amateurish unfocused result of junkies self-indulgently fooling around with a camera. Ultimately it comes out somewhere between pure brilliance and unwatchability (thankfully much more so the former than the latter). Part of me wants to reward it solely for its absolute innovativeness and moments of pure sublimity but at the same time I cant completely ignore the occasionally downright awful acting and overtly bad production values. At first the editing seems overwhelmingly sloppy and needlessly distracting (or maybe just wrongheadedly innovative) but after a while I got used to it which is in the end the true sign of whether a film succeeds on its own terms or not. I guess that answer basically sums up my all-around feelings for the film. That is despite its in-ignorable flaws on a whole it does work very well. And if nothing else a film like this really shows how false and contrived the faux-documentary shaky-cam style can sometimes be when it so obviously applied purely for effect (such as in films like the otherwise admirable Roger Dodger). Here the aesthetics are plainly derived from the necessities of the filming situation and are not just used arbitrarily to make it look cool.',pos

'The year is 1964. Ernesto Che Guevara having been a Cuban citizen for the last five yearsdisappears from the face of the Earthleaving a glum Fidel Castro to announce that he is probably deadwhen in truth he has left Cuba to move to Bolivia to live an assumed identity. Whilst living in La PazGuevara undertakes an idea to overthrow the corruptbourgeois government there. Once againSteven Soderberg takes up where Che:Part One leaves off (only better this time). The pacing is more on targetthe job of acting is ever so fine (including a turn by a sickly looking Benecio Del Toroas Che Guevara). Suffice it to sayits probably best if you see both filmsto get the true story of Guevara & what kind of a man he was (I had the rare open window of opportunity to see both films at one screening----talk about a long haul!). As with Che-Part 1:The Argentinethis film has no MPAA rating but contains enough salty language & violence to easily snag it an R.',pos

'Ill admit that I dont expect much from a Roger Corman film. Generally I expect a lot of walking and bad scripts. Yet in this case I am pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />The Gunslinger is a story of a woman (played by the spunky Beverly Garland) who takes over as sheriff after her husband is brutally murdered. Ms. Garland is a pretty good shot herself killing one of the murderers the next day at her husbands funeral. Her first task is to shut down the local bar that is violating the town curfew. The bars owner is trying to buy land in anticipation of being bought out by the (hoped-for) railroad. However Ms. Garland is a thorn in her plans and the bar matron hires a man to kill Ms. Garland.<br /><br />Because of Ms. Garlands plays her role honestly and realistically there is absolutely no temptation to go to Suzanne Somers Shes the Sheriff jokes. With the exception of a couple of faux pas (the apartment door that opens OUT from the inside jeep tracks and the two horsemen waiting on screen for their cue to ride around a corner) the movie becomes quite passable as movie fare. However Corman could not resist padding his film with horse riding scenes much like he does walking in other films.<br /><br />Sterno says The Gunslinger is a horse opera worth your time.',neg

'This sci-fi great fortunately has little to do with the first one. Elias KoteasJack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.',pos

'This show is my guilty pleasure all the way!! When I first tuned in to Americas Next Top Model I expected to be bored and to find it very very stupid. I didnt. This show is actually serious fun. I read on one of the other reviews that it makes you wonder if you have what it takes to be Americas Next top model. And it so does! Who doesnt love the glamour and excitement that come with being a model? On ANTM you get to see what its REALLY like. And who doesnt love hearing the girls bitch about each other and get into fights? Or enjoy wanting to throw something at that Janice lady?<br /><br />Give this a chance. Dont expect something intelligent or a show you can look to for a life lesson. Just enjoy it for what it is. Serious fun!',pos

'This is a story of a Jewish dysfunctional family. The parents have divorced and mom remains back east in the house. The father Murray Abromowitz moves with his children to California and moves around Beverly Hills so that his children can get the best education possible.<br /><br />Things really become funny when Marisa Tomei Murrays niece comes to lives with the group.<br /><br />The film deals with the various adventures of the family complicated by the drug scene of the affluent neighborhood.<br /><br />Jessica Walter costars as a woman who wants Murray to move in with her since she wants a companion.<br /><br />Carl Reiner and Rita Moreno come in towards the end. They play Murrays brother and sister-in-law respectively; theyre also the parents of Tomei. In front of the children Reiner lets loose reminding Murray that he has been paying the bills for them all along.<br /><br />The film ends on a sour note as the embarrassed family moves out of their fancy digs and take to riding around Beverly Hills in their car. I guess the film is promoting independence and some good old self-esteem.',neg

'The producers of this film should be sued for the misrepresentation of copyrighted materials namely the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons Players Handbook. Fear and ignorance breed the sort of mindless propaganda that inspire garbage like this film. If any of you have any doubts about the innocence of Dungeons & Dragons why dont you go to your local hobby store and see about sitting in with a gaming group so you can see for yourself that D&D is nothing to be afraid of.',neg

'When HULK hit theaters in 2003 it wasnt long before DVDs of the old Incredible Hulk TV show popped up in an attempt to cash in on the craze. We saw a similar occurrence a year prior when Spider-Man cartoons appeared on DVD to coincide with that heros big screen debut. Companies leap at the opportunity to ride on the financial coattails of a hot brand.<br /><br />So the fact that this picture never surfaced on the shelves of Wal-Mart as its featured heroes clobbered the box office in the summer of 2005 says a lot. I guess everyone involved would just rather forget. To be fair THE FANTASTIC FOUR is not as bad as everyone says. Let me rephrase that. Its not as unentertaining as all of its negative reviews might suggest.<br /><br />Veteran television actor Alex Hyde-White (no you dont remember any of his roles) leads the way as Reed Richards the brilliant scientist who along with his crew gains bizarre powers after an outer space mishap. Hes left with the ability to stretch and contort his body to outrageous lengths. His future wife Sue Storm (Rebecca Staab) can suddenly turn invisible while her brother Johnny (Jay Underwood) may now ignite himself at will. Then theres poor Ben Grimm (Michael Bailey Smith) the lovable lug whose body morphs into a mass of craggy orange rock.<br /><br />Just as the friends are becoming accustomed to all of this they are called upon to rescue the world from certain chaos. It seems Reeds old colleague Victor von Doom (Joseph Culp) is living up to his name and that villainous Jeweler (Ian Trigger) isnt exactly helping old ladies cross the street either. Can our heroes save the day? Of course they can; like any superhero movie its just a question of how and when.<br /><br />Whats striking about THE FANTASTIC FOUR is how amateurish it is in virtually every aspect. The dialog is so lame and tired it sounds like it was written by a junior high drama class. The acting is so unpolished it makes a third-rate afternoon soap opera look like Shakespeare. The special effects are surprisingly good considering the minuscule budget but there are still some positively embarrassing moments. When The Human Torch fully ignites his body for instance the entire movie briefly turns into a cartoon. I can just hear that production meeting. Oh no one will notice. Theyll be too intrigued by the action! I mean really a cartoon? At least give me a mannequin on fire held up by a string! Prior to that the scene in which the foursome come to on earth after their spaceship crashes is pure teens-in-the-backyard fare. The crew simply found a field and lit a vaguely-spaceship-like object on fire. Thats the only remnant of such a major disaster?<br /><br />Of course there wasnt a whole lot to work with in the script. There is a fairly coherent story here but its all so simplified. When Reed and Ben decide to go into outer space they simply drop by the Storms house and ask if theyd care to join them. Is it really that easy? Dont these sort of things require oh I dont know years of training and expertise? Not in the world of these writers who seemed to be inspired by the underrated genius on display in FULL HOUSE reruns. But as bad as that may be nothing can compare to how painfully clichéd Dr. Doom is. He was pulled right out of those awful superhero cartoons from the 1960s right down to the evil laugh and slamming his clenched fist down on the table to punctuate his remarks. No comic book least of all Fantastic Four has ever featured a villain so obscenely one dimensional.<br /><br />Ultimately THE FANTASTIC FOUR is saved from being a complete turkey because its just so damn innocent. You can tell the people involved as little talent or experience as they had really tried. They didnt know the final result would be so embarrassing. They were under the impression that this was their big break that people would flock to the theaters. It bears repeating that they had virtually no money to work with (and Im sure half of that was eaten up by the cool Thing costume). All things considered they did well and for its many flaws the finished product is a fair amount of fun for comic book fans.',neg

'As Roger Corman has said in an interview low-budget film-making enables film-makers to take chances on offbeat ideas. Well youd be hard pressed to find a film that thrives on the offbeat as mightily as George Barrys Death Bed: The Bed That Eats.<br /><br />The film does have a back story to it and its an interesting one at that. Ill forgo relaying any sort of details so you can hear them for yourself if you take a chance on watching it. Suffice it to say the title item of furniture has an insatiable hunger consuming the unwary with a bubbling yellow foam that dissolves its victims like acid.<br /><br />Death Bed is an eerie haunting little flick that plays out its absurd premise in such a way that it transcends the usual assortment of schlock fare. It occupies its particular dream world in such a way that it was possible for me to take it seriously. Its a truly strange and unconventional horror flick. It dabbles in exploitative ingredients - theres some tasty dollops of female nudity - and yet is also art albeit art with a completely skewed sensibility.<br /><br />The special effects are not too bad for a film with a microscopic budget and Barry gives the film a good and atmospheric midnight movie quality. The acting from the cast is as uninspired as one could imagine although Patrick Spence-Thomas lends a reasonable amount of gravitas as the artist / narrator and one definite point of interest is seeing one familiar face on hand: future Boy Meets World father William Russ!<br /><br />This film might not have even found the small cult following that it does have were it not for pirated copies making the rounds; this certainly has to rank as one of the instances where such a practice ultimately ended up helping the film - even if the exposure took years to take hold.<br /><br />If you have a taste for truly bizarre obscure items Death Bed may be just what youve got in mind.<br /><br />7/10',pos

'I saw this when it first came to video my little sister got it as a gift and I was probably 12 at the time... What stood out for me was the lack of mid-movie conflict that so many movies have where the main characters get mad at each other because when it comes time to explain themselves they just dont say the one thing that youre shouting at the screen that would make sense of the whole deal that any person of reasonable intellect would know to say. This is what I like the most about the movie I guess that the main characters dont do mean things to each other halfway through... they dont break up and make up they just grow to like each other more as the movie goes on.<br /><br />These two kids team up and though they seem at first to be from opposite sides of the track theyre not that different. Loui is actually just some middle class kid that needed to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family and Cecelia was an upper class kid that just needed to prove to her family that she existed and they would miss her if she was gone. Anyway I saw this movie posted on Hulu and had to watch it again... sure theres plot holes if you analyze the script and no Woog and Dweeb shouldnt be eating hot dogs since they would have been herbivores in reality.<br /><br />Now what detracts from the film is its unexpected scariness. Little kids under the age of 5 would probably be frightened by the scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And the addition of him halfway through the movie (though its blatantly obvious in the first scene that he will make an appearance) is too abrupt... there should be a glimpse of him doing his show earlier in the movie perhaps to show that its not that scary without the the dinosaurs. I guess it just lacked any real present danger for the entire first half of the movie so that it lacks a little continuity when he appears for the second half.<br /><br />Considering the target audience who Im sure can overlook the not so mind blowing animation and dialog issues... I think Ill give it a pass on those factors too and just enjoy the story. Its a great flick for kid and it does stick in your mind... makes you kinda think about how you treat people and it should be revisited every 10 years I think.',pos

'A quick paced and entertaining noir set in Vienna just after W.W.11. Donald Buka is a refugee who cant find legal work because he does not have any papers. No papers means no work permit which means no way to get a passport. He survives by driving a friends cab at night. If he gets caught it means three months in jail. One night he picks up a fare at a big hotel and drives the man to an airline office. Buka takes the mans luggage in and returns to the car. There he finds his customer has acquired an unneeded hole in the back of his head. What to do? Call the police? Without a work permit they will put the grab on him real quick. No he needs time to think this out. He drives to a secluded spot empties the mans pockets and hides the body. He now has an American passport and plenty of cash! He drops by an underworld contact to have the passport photo changed. Now he just needs to go to the mans hotel and collect the mans plane ticket. His ticket to freedom! Needless to say that would be too simple. Waiting at the hotel is the dead mans mistress Joan Camden. Camden is on the run from her rather nasty husband Francis Lederer Lederer is of course the swine who had bumped off the man in Bukas cab. Camden calls the police since she believes Buka has robbed her lover. Buka shows his new passport and manages to talk his way out of the mess. Camden breaks down when hubby Lederer shows up at the police station. Lederer convinces the police Camden has suffered a mental breakdown and she is released to him. She escapes again finds Buka and the two decide to flee the country together. Lederer again puts in an appearance and Buka must decide if helping Camden is worth his freedom. This film is much better than Im making it sound. Buka is best known as the low-life cop killer in 1950s Between Midnight and Dawn. The film was produced by actor Turhan Bey.',pos

'Only children below the age of 12 should be allowed to see this film. The rest of us should take a book MP3 player or just take a nice nap to endure the experience of this event. This can be best summed up as a blown-up TV movie being distributed into theaters. Children will want to see this film and they will like and be amused by the movie.',neg

'This is actually a trilogy of 3 of Somerset Maughams short tales. The first one is The Verger which is about 15 minutes long and very enjoyable. After 17 years Albert Foreman is laid off from his church job because he cant read nor write. So what does he do? Opens a tobacco shop of course!<br /><br />The second is Mr. Know-All which was actually a story I had read for school 6 years ago and instantly forgotten until I heard the familiar introduction. Another 15 minute one and also very good. It worked better on film than in a book for me but then perhaps thats because I was only 14 the last time afterall.<br /><br />The 3rd one is nearly a let-down. Almost an hour in length it simply drags. Its not all that bad but not as quick and snappy as the last 2. I watched the first quarter hour of it and then skipped forward to the last quarter hour and found that it still made sense and really I hadnt missed a thing!<br /><br />Overall I give them 8 9 and 6 out of 10 respectively.',pos

'I watched this film because I noticed that it had Kari Wuhrer in the cast. I have long had a theory about her that she is a talented actress but never seems to get to prove that because she is always in this sort of low-budget B movie. She is still beautiful and she is still trying to act over the unfortunate material I always see her in. This is no different. The film is often ugly and disturbing but that doesnt make it good. George Wendt played against type and that was so jarring that he gets recognition for his role. Another note about Ms. Wuhrer. Her breasts seem to have shrunk markedly since I saw her last. Perhaps reduction surgery or (more likely) removal of implants. This NOT a bad thing. She still looks great. I would like to see her in a better movie.',neg

'This is by far the best movie Ive seen in a long while. It is a wholly original and beautiful plot. It is not boring nor is it too dramatic. The characters are tangible and realistic but it does not take away from the story line. The fact that is not in English is most likely the final touch. The end leaves you fulfilled in a way Ive never experienced in a movie before. <br /><br />I wish I had found this movie earlier.<br /><br />More lines.<br /><br />more lines.<br /><br />more lines a lot more lines cmon im done',pos

'This movie is the proverbial 80s flick that shows the viewer that as long as he or she tries at something they can be better than the pros. The main character Doug showed off his skills in flying a Cessna aircraft which somehow equated to being fully capable of flying a jet aircraft and being able to kill people. We all would like to have a few million dollars to play with... maybe make a good investment donate buy a few things but the directors of this movie decided to make Iron Eagle... not once... not twice... not even three times; yes four times. The thing to look most forward to are the multitude hollywood endings in this movie. Just when you think the movie is going to end after a cheesy end sequence theres another cheesy end sequence. Then another. Definitely a movie one must watch to believe... and maybe own just to remind oneself of how awesome the 80s must have been.',neg

'Curiously it is Rene Russos eyes and mouth--not Buddy the Gorillas-- that emerge as the focal point of Buddy a Jim Henson Pictures production through Francis Ford Coppolas Zoetrope. Somehow countless close-ups of Russos face slipped passed in the post-production stages and she literally fills the screen so many times the poor apes are upstaged. Unintentionally funny true story adapted from Gertrude Trudy Davies Lints memoirs about a wealthy doctors wife who turns their mansion into a menagerie for pets and wild-life. The movie goes beyond good intentions...it positively drips with earnest sincerity. The movie never sparkles with the kind of family film magic that it needed and before too long both the people and the animals seem distinctly programmed (nothing here feels real). About ten minutes in two chimpanzees are goofing around in Russos kitchen and start throwing a butchers knife back and forth (it misses Alan Cummings head by inches); yet no eyebrows are raised because its all in a days fun. Still when full-grown gorilla Buddy gets crazy during a thunderstorm the cops are called--and everyone stares at Buddy through the window while he busts up the living room furniture. The furniture should be the least of anyones worries in this flabbergasting do-gooder failure. But at least we know Russo was in good hands: whenever director Caroline Thompson needs a good pick-up shot she gives unstartled Rene another extreme close-up. I wonder what the lipstick budget was on this picture? ** from ****',neg

'This is a good movie a good family movie to watch if you have nothing else to do. If you are expecting this movie to be word to word from the book you will be very very disappointed. I was somewhat disappointed because I read the book a few times when I was in elementary school.<br /><br />This is about a new kid in town named Billy. He makes a bet with the school bully and the bet is not like most bets. Billy has to eat 10 worms in one day or the bully wins.<br /><br />The acting is OK probably the worst part of the movie. The kid actors over exaggerate on many things. They think its apocalypse if Billy does not eat the worms. Hallie Eisenberg did a magnificent job though.<br /><br />The plot line is good as a movie but it sucks as a book adaptation. I was able to watch this movie without looking at the time....sometimes.<br /><br />Overall this was a good family movie with some weak points. I rate this movie 7/10.',pos

'Space Camp which had the unfortunate luck to be planned around the time of the Challenger accident deserves such luck. The stars make a mockery of acting Lea Thomson actually being turned sideways when asked for more than her usual wide-eyed innocent smile presumably to mask her risible attempts. The movie is at times hilarious when it begins to ask far too much of you. A small boy keeps a multi-million dollar robot in his closet which breaks when given too many commands by the hordes of cliched dorm-mates. This hackneyed and unlovable machine Jinx is a major player in the ridiculous premise of the movie which seems part Short Circuit part 2001 by the Airplane team. I shant bore you with this suffice it to say you can only laugh when faced with it. Having said all of this it is enjoyable to watch in a SeaQuest Saved by the Bell kind of way. The romance and technology beware are as unbelievable as each other. Also if youre an eighties freak its unmissable for the amusing performances of Kate Capshaw (Willie from Temple of Doom) and obviously Lea Thompson. Also Joaquin Phoenix puts in a dodgy turn as a sort of wannabe Goonie who befriends Jinx. Do not go near this movie if you are not a fan of trash.',neg

'Heavens Gate is not a masterpiece which apparently was what it needed to be upon first release to justify its great cost and more importantly the continued uneasy reliance of Hollywood on the Auteur model of film-making. Yet Heavens Gate seen today at last on DVD in a cut of 229 minutes is a superb film. It is a touch lethargic in pace. But at least it is paced. Quite apart from the incompetence of construction that marks many films today there have been many films which deliberate in form have been severely damaged by being hacked down with no care for rhythm so the films become shapeless and confusing. Beyond this the criticisms leveled at the film have become in retrospect quite lame. If the good guys and bad guys are too obviously pronounced for a serious film and yes Sam Waterstons mustachioed fur-clad villain is comic-opera (and not in the multi-leveled manner of Bill The Butcher from Gangs of New York) and yes the townsfolk do seem a touch Fiddler On The Roof on occasions then a few dozen serious films made since then including Titanic and the graceless Cold Mountain (which bears certain similarities and is a notable failure in convincing qualities compared to this film) can be castigated for exactly the same reason. <br /><br />Also despite accusations the film has a plot quite a well-essayed plot at that. It simply does not bow to standard-form epic quality by providing Titan heroes rafts of sub-plots and confusion. It experiments with telling in a manner more like much smaller modest films by carefully-caught moments of character interaction and well-textured pageant-like explosions of communal action as with the opening at Harvard and most specially the wonderful scene where the Johnson County folk following the lead of a brilliantly physical fiddler make celebration on roller-skates.<br /><br />The Deer Hunter was a critical and commercial success but abandoned the first halfs inspired mosaic-like accumulation of detail and I think in a manner similar to criticism of Robert Penn Warrens novel All The Kings Men and its dictionary of Jacobean stunts if Cimino had not had such a strong grasp of the conventions of Hollywood epics he might have made a special rare work of art based in honest visualisation of people within their milieu. In contrast Heavens Gate succeeds in screwing its narrative momentum and tension upwards in a slowly expanding arc until the finale explodes whilst not abandoning the mosaic approach.<br /><br />The central romantic triangle for instance resists standard inflections; a decent intelligent but psychically defeated man James Averill (Kris Kristofferson) competes with a hot-shot but identity-challenged young gunman Nate Champion (Christopher Walken) for the hand of a young Madame Ella Watson (Isabelle Huppert); there is no self-conscious bed-hopping no slaps in the face recriminations or typical sad-sack moments but more a sad and distanced decision by Ella to choose the younger man whom she loves less because he is ready to make the commitment. Ella emerges as the films true hero (Hupperts performance though initially awkward is really quite excellent balancing a dewy emotionalism with a hard-hammered spirit) attempting first to rescue Nate and then mustering the resistance party of immigrants into an enterprising defence. Subsequently Averill is stung into action as friends die. Indeed in the process of overcoming so many traps of cliché and style Heavens Gate successfully and willfully throws off the defeated outsider-heroes grace note of so many 70s Westerns and portrays an eventual vigorous cheer-the-heroes rallying to a compromised but still relished victory. <br /><br />The social conflict of so many 70s Westerns at last hardens into a fully-fledged war; where capital attempts a crushing final victory over the miscreants who stand in their way suddenly they find a massed and more-powerful peoples army led by the man who played the thoroughly-destroyed Billy the Kid a decade before. This is what led the film to be described as the first Marxist Western but really it simply deflowers a theme of the genre extant well before the 60s. Such various and classic old-school works as William Wylers The Westerner and even Shane tell awfully similar stories. It is simply here that the romantic myth of the gunslinger has been replaced by the romantic myth of the peoples revolt. In a spectacular exiting but realistic and thus chaotic finale the marauding Cattlemens encampment is attacked ringed by dust clouds punctuated by fallen horses writhing bodies and gunfire. Averill puts his classical education to work finally by stealing a Roman trick and bringing the Cattlemen to the brink of annihilation before they are rescued by the Cavalry (another distinctly seditious touch but surely not so offensive after Little Big Mans unrelenting depiction of Native American massacres). Really its hard to think of a more heroically American vision of grassroots resistance. The films only real dead spot stands as an unnecessary coda indicating Averills eventual relapse a rather potted piece of tragedy. <br /><br />Despite then certain failings and a slow mid-section Heavens Gate is a supreme piece of work a genuine attempt to create a contemporary Western and a new kind of epic. If one has to still join the chorus that reckons Cimino was absurd in his behaviour on set and expenditure it is regretfully. When today flops like The Adventures of Pluto Nash and K-19 - The Widowmaker see nearly a hundred million dollars sink down the drain and yet a tag of infamy still hangs on this film one ponders what exactly its grim death signified. The attempt at original style the bawdy sexuality the very hard-won sense of detail the breathtaking rigor of the film-making and what is being filmed all throw into contrast what is sorely lacking in so much contemporary Hollywood product.',pos

'This incredibly formulaic flick from the Walker Texas Ranger squad contains some of the most unbelievable scenes ever witnessed within a TV movie. In addition one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get-go. However its a fun little movie that gets the job done: it entertains. Thats all it was meant to do and it does so. The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isnt half bad. The acting is also decent which isnt much of a surprise because everyone knows that Chuck Norris is no Steven Seagal. If youre a fan of the genre (and of Walker Texas Ranger) you will definitely love this. If not then dont waste your time. 8/10',pos

'Simply the best Estonian film that I have ever seen although it is made by a Finnish director Ilkka Järvi-Laturi. Tallin Pimeduses is an entertaining thriller about a bunch of gangsters who are trying to steal a huge amount of gold a national treasure that belongs to the republic of Estonia. But at the same time it is some kind of a summary of the conditions of many Eastern European countries at that time. In the early 90s Soviet Union fell into pieces and many countries such as Estonia became independent. Now the conditions may be better in most of those countries. But in the beginning of the 90s many of those new nations had to fight against corruption and organized crime that the Soviet era had left them as inheritance. (And many of them still do...at least on some level...) <br /><br />Tallinn Pimeduses is a very realistic film of that era with believable characters and with a well-written script. The actors are also very good especially Jüri Järvet (perhaps the best known Estonian actor plays Snaut in Tarkovskis Solaris) playing and old gangster whos slowly becoming tired of his way of life. But the most astonishing performance comes from Monika Mäger a child-actor playing Terje a boyish girl in her early teens whose presence in the plot is quite essential. (and her name is not even mentioned in the IMDb-credit list!!!)w<br /><br />There are not many films in the world that manage to be entertainment and artistic at the same time. But Tallinn Pimeduses does that. Unfortenately Järvi-Laturis other films are far from this kind of achievements. His first one Kotia päin was too artificial and his latest History is Made at Night was just a weird mess.',pos

'I had high expectations following My Beautiful Laundrette Bend it like Beckham and (less so) East is East. The histories of British Asians fitting into their adopted home has had many good runs on the big screen as well as a number of excellent TV and radio series (Goodness gracious me etc). This one falls flat. Inspite of a good start it rapidly went down hill.<br /><br />Ultimately this was a horribly typical BBC effort complete with strong regional accents whacky over-acting characters a those were the days soundtrack and lots of issues in an attempt to be worthy.<br /><br />I found myself cringing at many points during this film. The writing is predictable. Every possible cliche was dragged out and aired. In fact I have trouble thinking of any cross-cultural/cross-generational devices that could have been used that werent. The characters were thin and cliched: the eccentric non-conformist minister; the well meaning but ultimately racist old woman; the over weight overbearing aunt; the pushy Indian parents; the working class neighbour; the wise profound grandmother; the motorbike riding thug. The script was weak with every chance to shock the audience with overt racist dialogue from the two dimentional racist white characters taken. And why it had to be set in the 70s (apart from needing an excuse for a 70s soundtrack) is a mystery. Possibly it make unbelievable characters slightly more believable to people born after 1979. I dont know.<br /><br />Even these things aside good acting could have carried this into respectable obscurity. Instead the usual BBC comedy suspects were wheeled out to ham it up. Bend it like Beckham had far better comic acting (and serious acting in fact) than this with a virtually unknown cast.<br /><br />In summary a lazy cliched script over acted in a dull predictable story. Give it a miss.<br /><br />',neg

'Black comedy isnt always an easy sell. Every now and then you get a black comedy that is hugely successful like Fargo for example. But usually they dont often find big audiences. People seem to either set their minds for comedy or for serious mayhem. There doesnt seem to be a big market for a good mixture of both. Throw Momma From the Train was a fairly decent hit yet few people seem to remember much about it in this day and age. Danny DeVito just about hit this one all the way out of the park back in 1987.<br /><br />DeVito plays an odd mammas boy named Owen looking to rid himself of his outrageously overbearing and unpleasant mother whom he still lives with. The mother is played by Anne Ramsey who passed away shortly after this was released and she is quite a caricature. She is loud ugly rude and overbearing. Though Owen hardly seems like he could take care of himself he wants desperately to have his mother offed. He fantasizes about it in some truly weird scenes but he clearly doesnt have the guts to actually do it himself. Thats where Billy Crystal comes in. Crystal plays Larry Donner Owens creative writing teacher at a nearby community college. Larry is a paranoid would-be intellectual novelist who claims his ex-wife stole his novel and made millions off it. He is currently trying to write a new one but cannot even come up with a decent first sentence. The night was.... Owen hears Larry wish his ex-wife were dead during an outburst at the school cafeteria. And borrowing the idea from Strangers on a Train Owen decides to travel to Hawaii and murder Larrys ex-wife. Once it appears he has done so he expects Larry to return the favor and kill his mother. The resulting action is often quite funny and even poignant. Its certainly never dull and often full of surprises.<br /><br />The acting is exceptional even if Ramsey was a bit over the top. Crystal is as good as he can be and DeVito has always been undervalued as a performer. The film relies on quite a bit of physical comedy which usually works often painfully so. The film makes use of some truly innovative editing techniques in some scenes and the off-beat tone is truly refreshing. I have often been critical of the late 1980s as being a time of artistic malaise and down right lazy film-making. Throw Momma From the Train takes chances. Both in how its characters are drawn as well as its general plot. How many comedies revolve around a son having his mother murdered? The film isnt too long and it is chock full of laughs. Writers are apt to find it more interesting than the general public but it can still be enjoyed by just about anyone. 9 of 10 stars.<br /><br />The Hound.',pos

'Man I think people have forgotten how to watch a movie. Everyone thinks theyre a critic. They comment on things that the average movie goer doesnt even know or think about.<br /><br />I enjoyed the film. It was what I was expecting therefore was not disappointed. Steven gets a bad rap for putting his views into his films but thats also a reason to watch. Whats even more funny is the people that complain about his films say hes the worst and that we shouldnt watch his films yet watch his movies anyway. All so they can comment on how bad they are. Whos the dummy? If you dont like his work dont watch it. Then you wont have to subject yourself to this supposedly painful event.<br /><br />Stop comparing movies to other movies and watch a movie on an individual basis and you may begin to enjoy films again.',pos

'Based on the comments made so far everyone seems to either hate this movie or love it. I think it would be fair to point out that although this is not a GREAT movie it has its interesting moments. For one thing it was filmed on location in Colorado (was it Breckinridge or Telluride? I cant remember but it is in the credits). The location is absolutely stunning and spectacular. Its beautiful even to me who lived in Colorado for several years.<br /><br />Next it has Disneys penchant for wonderful character actors. Harry Morgan has never been in better form than when he plays in a Disney movie. He is literally hysterical. Also remember the wonderful Mary Wickes? Although she has a bit part in this movie she is great as always. If you dont know who she is think of the animated Disney version of Hunchback from Notre Dame (she was one of the gargoyles) and she was also the most interesting nun in Sister Act as well as the best nun in The Trouble With Angels. She has always been a great character actress and most character actors never receive the recognition they deserve.<br /><br />In addition to character actors and all-star casts in the 1960s-1970s Disney may have not had the greatest movies but if you really watch some of them from beginning to end you will NOTICE that every movie has some really funny or hysterical moment in it. The entire movie may not be funny but there is always a comic gem (at least 1 or 2) in every single live-action movie Disney ever made. Whether its Harry Morgan in one of his bellowing tones of voice or Tim Conway floundering around or Joe Flynn giving one of his priceless looks of horror it is all good. The whole film may not be good but there are ALWAYS hysterical moments in every Disney film from this period that I have ever seen. Disney in this time period always managed to make a person smile despite the dumbness of the film.<br /><br />Bsed on these comments I disagree with viewers who say every Disney movie in this time period is awful. That statement it not quite accurate. Rather it is easier for me to give credit to the funny moments and overlook the weaknesses in the plots.<br /><br />Some live-action Disney movies are true classics (Old Yeller Bedknobs and Broomsticks Mary Poppins) but for those that arent I am able to appreciate them for what they were -- good clean family fun in a time when movies had become vulgar crude and offensive.',neg

'Ive watched a number of Wixel Pixel and Sub Rosa Extreme movies lately and have found a lot to like about them.<br /><br />This SRE movie seemed a lot more slight than all the others Ive seen. Perhaps thats because this is a comedy/horror movie rather than straight horror and perhaps its also because the humor didnt register with me very well.<br /><br />Its a little less than seventy minutes long and the credits begin as the last ten minutes are beginning. There are some outtakes goofs and behind the scenes stuff going on while those credits roll.<br /><br />SRE movies do tend to be short and tend to feel padded out in spite of that. This is no exception with some scenes that tend to go on too long.<br /><br />The story involves a poor kid in Christmastown California whod been picked on by all his classmates. Hed had one shoe stolen and unable to replace it he was dubbed Oneshoe McGroo. Due to an obsession with pirates his parents gave him an eyepatch for Christmas with a Christmas tree emblazoned on the eyepatch.<br /><br />Many of the classmates are killed and the few who remain gather together to decide what to do. Theyre picked off one by one by McGroo who stalks around to the sound of sleigh bells ringing.<br /><br />The characters are pretty much all broad stereotypes like the nerd named Dorkus etc. Theres an odd scene in which a kinky couple has sex; the woman is handcuffed and blindfolded the man wears a large paper watermelon slice over his head. This reminded me of some of the stranger sex scenes from director Rinse Dream.<br /><br />The picture quality is good and there are a lot of extras. But basically a pretty silly movie.<br /><br />Oh well I guess you can never have too many Christmas horror movies. Still there are a lot of other needy holidays.',neg

'Who wrote the script for this movie the staff at Disney Studios?! This is the most inacurrate adaptation of any story ever! I wanted to laugh at a few scenes and cry at others and that was only because of how pitiful it was. Ill have to hand it credit it did have a few funny scenes but I couldve spent better time with my evening. Very seldom do I turn off a movie after only a quarter of the way through.',neg

'My God Ryan Gosling has made a lot of deep characters in his career this is one of his wonderful acting jobs. For me this is a very deep movie needs a lot of concentration not because is difficult to watch just because you understand it if you put your shoes in this kid even though has everything and has famous father that is a writer has a deeper mind you dont understand why he kills this poor kid until you really heard what he has to say and you start to think at least to me that a lot of things that he says is true. Simple kid sweet very gentle in a way normal like any teenage but inside of him suffer because he start to look at the world in a different way then you understand why he did what he did. I recommend this movie for those who likes deep drama.',pos

'Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is based on somewhat pat formula by now of Japanese school drama anime. The formula somewhat goes like this:<br /><br />1. The main protagonist comes from world outside the normal society and has super powers.<br /><br />2. Theres a very beautiful and sexy girl in a supporting role.<br /><br />3. A normal character is in there who shares the main role in the story.<br /><br />4. Unusual things happens in an usual social settings.<br /><br />5. Sometimes the story is about the main protagonist and the normal character that connects to the existence or destruction of the world.<br /><br />6. Absolutely no effort is spent by anyone to gain all the magical powers. They just have it.<br /><br />7. Usually people outside of this tight nit group is not aware of their super powers and goes on with their daily lives.<br /><br />So there you have it. Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi is made along these lines which became the success formula for comics and anime in Japan. Even though it follows a pat formula the series is superbly crafted and the episodes are always set in an interesting back drop within the normal social settings which always morphs into unusual circumstances surrounding Haruhi Suzumiya. Each player in the story brings some unusual insight into the daily life that usually we are not aware of. The philosophical twist of their insights are what makes this series extra entertaining. The visuals are first rate and done beautifully. <br /><br />The crazy ideas Haruhi always seem to come up with along with complicated settings of the story may give you headache from time to time. Its further complicated by the fact that the episodes are played out of sequence which further adds to the confusion. When I watched the episodes in the chronological sequence some of the plots finally made sense. I recommend you do the same. Its much more entertaining to watch the series this way. Google<br /><br />List_of_The_Melancholy_of_Haruhi_Suzumiya_episodes<br /><br />for the correct sequence of all the episodes. And oh you might notice the headache while youre watching this like I did. Let me know if you had it too.',pos

'In this tense and character-driven romantic tragi-comedy we are given an insight into the intertwining lives of four thirtysomething Parisians. At the centre is Vinz Cassells portrayal of Max. A starry-eyed Romeo he falls head over heels for beautiful stranger Lisa (Bellucci). Encouraged by his put-upon best friend Lucien (Écoffey in an understated but effective performance) he wins her heart and they live happily ever after... that is until the scheming neurotic and obsessive Alice (the versatile Romane Bohringer) becomes very involved in the lives and loves of the other three.<br /><br />The rich plot is thickened by a curious chronological jumble and the movie emerges as an intricate jigsaw the eye-candy of picture-postcard Paris at the heart of it all. The use of colour does not go unnoticed particularly in Lisas spectacular apartment (presumably accounting for the films title) where the reds and yellows provoke the fires of passion and lust.<br /><br />The audience can relate to Max: he truly wears his heart on his sleeve and is constantly punished by irony and circumstance for it. In one memorable scene our fated lovers (agonisingly separated by a choreographed misunderstanding) narrowly miss out on the chance meeting that would surely reunite them. Independent of one another they travel to the same destination: her on the Metro him in a taxi practically tête-à-tête. Yet fate seems to have it in for them and the audience is captivatingly teased.<br /><br />The performances in this film are really what make LAppartement stand out. I still cannot understand why Vincent Cassell is not a big star outside France. He has presence and diversity in abundance. Monica Bellucci (Cassells real-life spouse at the time of writing) has recently found fame in the Anglophone film industry but perhaps for the wrong reasons - true she is divinely beautiful but behind that is a talented actress who can dominate a scene in classic leading-lady style which many British and American actresses dismiss in favour of the all-too-easy subtle approach.<br /><br />All in all watch this film! I doubt youll be disappointed. It is gripping satisfying amusing sad lavish and a lesson in artistic film-making.',pos

'Who should watch this film? Anyone who has ever taken acid read Philip K. Dick thought the premise of the Matrix was better then the special effects has an interest in Philosophy or likes having their sense of reality messed with. I laughed out loud at this film just because it was so outrageous and so spot-on. This film is great. This film is cool. It is better than the Matrix by a long shot (I didnt fall asleep in Existenz for a kick off: action/special effects films bore me stupid and despite a plausible philosophical gloss that is exactly what the Matrix is). Existenz is gross it is disturbing and it is funny. David Cronenberg has done some shonky stuff (Rabid) and some works of genius too (Videodrome is another one worth checking out as is Stephen King adaptation The Dead Zone). But this is one of my all-time favourites. I cant remember the ending- which is a good thing cos it means I can watch it again. Or perhaps I never watched this film at all. Maybe its an implanted memory. Or maybe it really happened to me. I dont know. At any rate it is now seamlessly stitched into my overall illusion of reality and Im glad.',pos

'MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that established its place in film history immediately. Praise for the film was absolutely nonexistent even from the people involved in making it. This film was loathed from day one. While every now and then one will come across some maverick who will praise the film on philosophical grounds (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the issue of transgenderism) the film has not developed a cult following like some notorious flops do. Its not hailed as a misunderstood masterpiece like SCARFACE or trotted out to be ridiculed as a camp classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /><br />Undoubtedly the reason is that the film though outrageously awful is not lovable or even likable. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is just plain mean. As a Hollywood satire it is cold-blooded and mean-spirited but in a hollow pointless way. MYRA takes for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt town but goes further to attack such beloved icons as Laurel and Hardy Shirley Temple Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to imply that everything about Hollywood is by its very nature vile. It seems to think that there is something inherently courageous about mocking sacred cows but doesnt supply a rationale for doing the mocking in the first place. The film is also viscously anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-that but all in a superficial late-1960s trendy way. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I LOVE YOU ALICE B. TOKLAS and other would-be hip epics MYRA is a middle-aged vision of the hippy-dippy youth culture. It tries to embrace the very attitude that it belittles. But instead of being cheerfully self-mocking MYRA makes no attempt to conceal its contempt for everything that comes within its grasp. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a bully; theres not a single moment of innocence in it. Its intentions arent honorable. TIME magazine aptly described it as being about as funny as a child molester but its not nearly as sympathetic.<br /><br />For instance poor Mae West bore the brunt of so much of the criticism aimed at the film being described as looking like everything from an aging drag queen to a reanimated walking corpse. The octogenarian star obviously didnt know just how ridiculous she looked playing a lecherous talent agent lusting after men young enough to be her grandsons or even her great-grandsons. But director Michael Sarne had to know but he used her anyway. Why? Because she apparently was the joke. Just like John Huston John Carradine Grady Sutton Andy Devine and other veteran performers in the film they are there only so the film can mock their age and use them to trash their film images. They are cast as smarmy self-parodies as is Rex Reed the arrogant fey film critic who is cast as just that in the film. But the real Reed the celebrity hound jet-setting talk show gossip can be charming in an obnoxiously funny way; but as Myron Myras alter ego he is just obnoxious. Again apparently for Sarne Reed is the joke.<br /><br />You watch MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you dont see actors you see victims. None more so than Raquel Welch. No one will ever accuse Welch of being a great actress but it is a testament to her tenacity and her appeal that she survived this film and her career prospered. Being in almost every scene Welch was front and center as a target for abuse aimed at the film but to her credit she gives a remarkably nuanced performance. Though of course centered between the scenery chewing Huston and the almost catatonic West Welch doesnt have to do much to strike a good balance. Even so she renders her horribly unfunny dialogue with a deadpan smirk with just the hint of self-righteous glee that would do any James Bond villain proud. Legend has it that Welch was snubbed by a condescending West and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set by bumbling director Sarne not to mention being featured in one degrading scene after another making it all the more remarkable that she was able to give such a cool and collected performance.<br /><br />The films only intriguing element is trying to figure out just what the films agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy fable which should indicate that it has a moral to deliver but what that might be is anybodys guess. With all of its talk about destroying the last vestigial traces of traditional manhood from the race it would seem to have a feminist axe to grind. But as a feminist Myra is a monstrous figure a sexual predator. Besides Myra isnt a woman rather she is a delusion of Myron who presumably is a gay male. That might explain the male rape scene as well as the characters love/hate attitude toward the macho seemingly straight deadhead Rusty but it doesnt explain his/her obsession for and the supposedly lesbian tryst with Farrah Fawcetts Mary Ann. The film is obsessed with sex but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; all the sex is treated as being if not dirty than at least perverse and degrading. Turning to Gore Vidals original novel isnt of any help because it is as confused and pointless as the movie.<br /><br />And this is a rare movie that actually seems to hate movies. Not just movies as a business but movies as part of the culture as well. The film itself is wall-to-wall arcane references to old movies all of which director-screenwriter Sarne approaches with a seething disdain. He has raided the film vaults of 20th Century-Fox and peppered the film with snippets of old films not as an homage or to provide a social commentary but to mock the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist -- if you generously want to call Sarne that -- make a work of art if he already hates the very medium he is working in? The very effort is totally self-defeating.<br /><br />MYRA BRECKINRIDGE doesnt seem to be in favor of anything other than being just nasty. It hates Hollywood it hates America it hates sex it hates gays and straights and women and men and old people and young people and Laurel and Hardy and well you name it and it probably has a scene showing contempt for it. In a very sad and sorry way MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first punk manifesto a celebration of pop culture nihilism.',neg

'The gate to Hell has opened up under Moscow. A priest played by Vincent Gallo goes to the city to find a friend who has gone missing in the tunnels under the city in an attempt to find the gateway. Wandering around underground he and his colleagues have to deal with the tunnels inhabitants both human and demonic. Good idea with a good cast of second tier actors goes nowhere much like the tunnels that are its setting. Ive watched this twice now and I still have no idea why this is suppose to be scary when not a heck of a lot happens other then people talk about the evil and we see shadow forms. Nothing is clear and honestly I didnt see the point of it all other than provide a pay check for those involved (Second billed Val Kilmer is in a couple of fleeting scenes that dont amount to much other than to allow him to be billed as in the film.) The idea is really good the performances are fine the script goes nowhere. Take the advice of several of the characters in the film and dont cross the river to see this.',neg

'The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov is brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world will take notice. The director puts us in check mate with the story of Alexander an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A magnetic attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day the mother alarmed telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get these fades to the past ala Godfather II where we see young Alexander a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality the chess clock ticks match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasyas wedding the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya holding her stomach and looking thru her loves coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots its low back cut dresses are lovely Alexander plays his role sublimely.The director underestimated her audience we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a great match but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity but maybe the emotions were right on check for chess meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor the complexity of his work in images is a world event not to be missed.',pos

'This movie contains no humor for anyone who has lived with a family member who has a mental illness. So many scenes reminded me too graphically of my own life experiences. This movie was the mans version of Mommy Dearest. It depicts both graphically and accurately the life many children of a mentally ill parent goes through. It also shows how easy it is for a psychiatrist to become corrupt and act like they are God. <br /><br />Someone told me it was funny. No way I say! It is sick humor at best. <br /><br />The movie is so intense and depressing that my son and I had to leave the room. The best use for this movie is for people who dont understand mental illness or dont believe what we families actually do live through.',neg

'I think this is one of the weakest of the Kenneth Branagh Shakespearian works. After such great efforts as Much Ado About Nothing etc. I thought this was poor. The cast was weaker (Alicia Silverstone Nivoli McElhone???) but my biggest gripe was that they messed with the Bards work and cut out some of the play to put in the musical/dance sequences.<br /><br />You just dont do Shakespeare and then mess with the play. Sorry but that is just wrong. I love some Cole Porter just like the next person but jeez dont mess with the Shakespeare. Skip this and watch Prosperos Books if you want to see a brilliant Shakespearean adaptation of the Tempest.',neg

'I know it is fashionable now to hate this movie. I have seen hundreds of spook films including he original 1963 Haunting as well as most of the Hammer films. This film is not restrained and does not hold back at all which is probably why so many modern viewers seemed not to like it. Yet many viewers can accept out of control films like Scream because knife killers are more easy to believe for most people than demons or ghosts. Actually this film had many great scenes and the acting and special effects were great. I have seen it 15 times now and it gets better every time. The director of this film has made a number of interesting and stylish films and was not trying for the type of realism of the 6th sense. The Haunting lets go and is certainly not boring. Perhaps this film might appeal more to John Carpenter fans but more of an traditional plot structure. The old Haunting was also a fine film from 1963. It was even more scary. See both and also The Innocents and The Legend of Hell House with Pamela Franklin.',pos

'Come Undone appears to elicit a lot of opinions among the contributors to this forum. Granted its a film that promises a take on gay life as most viewers expect and somehow it gets away from that promise into an introspective view at a young mans soul. The film has a way of staying with us even when it has ended. It is a character study about how a young man gets involved into a love affair with someone so much different than him that in the end will leave Mathieu confused hurt and depressed when things dont go according to what he hoped the relationship would be.<br /><br />If you havent seen the film perhaps you would like to stop reading.<br /><br />Sebastien Lifshitz the director of the film has told his story from Mathieus viewpoint. Most viewers appear to be disoriented by the different times within the film but there are hints that are not obvious as one can see in retrospect. The story is told in flashbacks that might add to the way some people will view the film. This is a story about the doomed the love Mathieu felt for Cedric and the ultimate breakdown of their life together.<br /><br />First of all Cedric the handsome young local pursues Mathieu until he succeeds in convincing him he likes him. Mathieu feels the attraction for Cedric too. We realize how different both young men are by the way Cedric tells Mathieus family how he feels school is not for him. On the other hand Mathieu who wants to be an architect finds beauty in the abandoned place where Cedric has taken him. We watch as Mathieu reading from the guide book wants Cedrics attention.<br /><br />When Mathieu comes out to his mother she wisely tells him about the importance of continuing his career. She also points out about what future both of them would have together which proves to be true. Mathieu appears to have learned his lesson the hard way. He goes on to an uncertain life with Cedric and attempts to take his own life. We watch him in the hospital speaking to a psychiatrist that has treated his wounded soul.<br /><br />The ending might be confusing for most viewers but there is a moment in the film when Mathieu goes to work in a bar where we see him washing glasses and looking intently to Pierre the young man who frequents the bar. That is why when Mathieu goes looking for Pierre at his house appears to be hard to imagine. Yet we have seen the way Mathieu is obviously interested in Pierre. The last scene at the beach when Pierre and Mathieu are seen strolling in the sand has a hopeful sign that things will be better between them as they watch a young boy apparently lost but then realizing the father is nearby.<br /><br />Jeremie Elkaim makes Mathieu one of the most complex characters in recent films. This is a young man who is hard to understand on a simple level. Mathieu has suffered a lot first with the separation of his parents then with his depressed mother and with losing Cedric. Stephan Rideau who has been seen on other important French films is equally good as the shallow Cedric.<br /><br />While Come Undone will divide opinions the film deserves a viewing because of the complexity and the care Sebastien Lifshitz gives to the story.',pos

'This is a great premise for a movie. The overall plot is very originalinteresting and something to think about. However poor production an obviously small budget crapy acting from the main character and several side actors really detract from this would be classic. An up and coming producer should try to resurect this story and give this basicly half hearted atempt a proper release.',neg

'There are moments when you dont want those deep drama-series. When you dont want series with heavy stories or a must to watch every single episode to be able to hang on. There are moments when you just want to watch a simple series with lots of action and cool characters. For those moments you have Cleopatra 2525.<br /><br />I was one of those who actually enjoyed Charlies Angels. Critics said it was to superficial and silly. But the thing is thats the point! People who cant relax and expected a serious movie hated it. Its exactly the same with Cleopatra 2525. It is superficial. It has silly and unrealistic characters. And thats why I like it. It isnt like any other series.<br /><br />The first season wasnt very good. The character Cleo was irritating and a little too much. The story was a little lame and you didnt get to know the characters very much. But hey they only had 20 minutes in every episode.<br /><br />In the last 5-6 episodes of Cleopatra 2525 they finally gave the series full 40-minutes length. And it was here I started to love it. The series finally started to grow into a very qualitative series. Too bad they had to cancel the series. Because the last episodes of Cleopatra 2525 actually was very good. I will never forget Hel Sarge and Cleo. Unique characters that only the creators of Xena could have created!',pos

'I must say I thought I had seen it all. I am an extremely jaded movie buff. This movie didnt shock me by any means. Im way past that point. But it did take me to certain emotional places I didnt know I could go to. I had no idea I could ever find (ick) the idea of beastiality erotic. Never never never. Ever. Ever. But there you go. He did it. I have to give the director credit. He pulled it off.<br /><br />For the first 40 minutes this movie is a TOTAL bore. We start off with some very explicit footage of two horses having sex. After five minutes of this I started wondering if buying this movie wasnt a mistake. Then an old guy in a wheelchair talks to some other old guy about two people getting married. Then some nervous guy shaves. Then we see (briefly) a hot chick getting it on with a butler (but this is very brief). At this point I was cursing the movie out loud while trying to stay awake. In fact I fell asleep at about the 40 minute mark and forced myself to finish it the next night.<br /><br />We finally get the good stuff when a girl (who knows who she is or who anyone is in this movie) has a dream about a Victorian-era gal being ravaged by a beast-thing in the forest. The scene goes on for quite some time and is really the meat (heh-heh) of the whole deal. Its beautifully shot superbly edited and does deliver the goods. They do try to wrap up the plot at the end and it sort of makes sense but sort of doesnt either. Oh well. I would definitely recommend this film. The first 40 minutes made me want to shoot myself (and my TV) but the last 50 minutes totally redeems it.',pos

'Begotten is certainly an experience and a out of the ordinary experience at that. The use of colour is fascinating and at times frustrating. A LOT of what happens on screen is incredibly difficult to make out. Your view is either obscured by a sudden bizarre change in colour and tone characters in the way and random cuts to the sky. The sound is very haunting and a welcome addition. It really aids the nihilistic and hopeless tone that smothers this film. <br /><br />As for what Begotten is about the rape of the environment and rebirth theory feels pretty accurate to me. But I wouldnt spend a lot of time focusing on the meaning its virtually unimportant. Its clear the director didnt want to explain anything. He simply presents it as it is and if you want to search for a meaning thats up to you. <br /><br />Watching Begotten is definitely not a walk in the park but I was captivated from the opening. It really is like watching a persons worst nightmare. What we see is at times distressing and very unpleasant but there is a surreal dreamlike beauty in there. If youre an art-house/experimental fan and you havent yet seen Begotten make it a priority. I doubt you will ever forget it. I sure know that I wont.',pos

'<br /><br />When I unsuspectedly rented A Thousand Acres I thought I was in for an entertaining King Lear story and of course Michelle Pfeiffer was in it so what could go wrong?<br /><br />Very quickly however I realized that this story was about A Thousand Other Things besides just Acres. I started crying and couldnt stop until long after the movie ended. Thank you Jane Laura and Jocelyn for bringing us such a wonderfully subtle and compassionate movie! Thank you cast for being involved and portraying the characters with such depth and gentleness!<br /><br />I recognized the Angry sister; the Runaway sister and the sister in Denial. I recognized the Abusive Husband and why he was there and then the Father oh oh the Father... all superbly played. I also recognized myself and this movie was an eye-opener a relief a chance to face my OWN truth and finally doing something about it. I truly hope A Thousand Acres has had the same effect on some others out there.<br /><br />Since I didnt understand why the cover said the film was about sisters fighting over land -they werent fighting each other at all- I watched it a second time. Then I was able to see that if one hadnt lived a similar story one would easily miss the overwhelming undercurrent of dread and fear and the deep bond between the sisters that runs through it all. That is exactly the reason why people in general often overlook the truth about their neighbors for instance.<br /><br />But yet another reason why this movie is so perfect!<br /><br />I dont give a rats ass (pardon my French) about to what extend the King Lear story is followed. All I know is that I can honestly say: this movie has changed my life.<br /><br />Keep up the good work guys you CAN and DO make a difference.<br /><br />',pos

'this movie is ok if you like mindless action corny acting and a very small plot !The special effects are decent considering this movie is from the director ofEvent Horizon. The costumes are like something from a mad max movie .None of the soldiers talk so others tell them what to do.It eventually end up as a big shootem up movie with explosions all the place. I personally liked Russell better in tango and cashescape from la/new york and executive decision. It must see this movie leave your mind at the door for a no brainer action science fiction movie!!',pos

'I got this DVD well over 2 years ago and only decided to watch it yesterday. I dont know why it took me so long as I do like the Inspector Gadget show and even the new Gadget and the Gadgetinis. While it may have a bright color pallet and all the technical sophistication of a modern animated movie there are some old things missing that bog this Gadget right down the toilet.<br /><br />First of all the classic Inspector Gadget theme song and music is completely absent. The composer tries to compromise by doing a score that sounds similar but its still just no good enough. The Gadget-mobile is now a talking car not a car that can turn into a van. Plus it looks a lot cuter and rounder instead of being plain cool. Penny no longer has her computer book and she and Brain hardly make an appearance at all.<br /><br />The plot is non-existent. Theres something about a transformation formula and Doctor Claw using for some never revealed evil but thats all I got. What the deal was with the short/giant Italian guy I will never know. It had nothing to do with anything.<br /><br />And if the title is anything to go by his last case is wrapped up in no way whatsoever. And he stays on the force so why its called last case is a mystery also.<br /><br />I wasnt impressed at all. This is an affront to a great animated show that is strangely absent on DVD but dont let that prompt you into buying whatever Inspector Gadget DVDs you can. I sold this mere seconds after finally watching it. No kid will like or appreciate this and no fan of the old show with tolerate it.',neg

'Thanks to the BBC for this show. I used to suffer from an inferiority complex I hated leaving the house talking to new people and I had an overwhelming sense that people hated me. However after watching one episode of 4 Non Blondes my fortunes started to change. After episode 2 I started applying for new jobs wearing fashionable clothes and I actually felt talented. When the series had finished I was running the sales department at work banging a plethora of women and frequently won the karaoke competition down my local. If you ever have a confidence crisis and dont know where to turn then take a trip down to Poundland and pick up the DVD its only 99p.',neg

'Tobe Hooper (fresh off mainstream success with Poltergeist) aims for the skies this time around. Lifeforce is an adaptation of Colin Wilsons The Space Vampires. The script by Aliens Dan O Bannon and Don Jakoby) varies a bit I was told: the futuristic storyline was made contemporary and Haileys Comet was added to coincide with its actual passage by Earth a few weeks after the films release (so Ive read).<br /><br />The story concerns a shuttle mission (commander by Steve Railsback) sent to investigate Haileys Comet as it passes by Earth. All goes off without a hitch but upon reaching the comet it is discovered that an alien ship is hidden in the coma of the comet. The team investigates the massive structure and discovers desiccated bat-like creatures. Looking deeper into the ship a chamber is found that contains three humanoids (two naked males and one rather fetching nude lady too) in odd stasis coffins. The crew returns to the ship with the humanoids and a bat creature in tow.<br /><br />A bit later the ship returns to Earth but no contact can be made by NASA and another shuttle is launched to ascertain the status of the mission. Upon docking with the Churchill it is discovered that a massive fire has seemingly killed the crew and all data concerning the flight. But the three humanoids remain. However it is learned that an escape pod had been launched but whose whereabouts are unknown.<br /><br />Soon they make the discovery of the aliens origin when the very attractive space vampire queen arises from her slumber to easily seduce the lifeforce from the men around her. If you suck face with her she makes you like them and if you dont feed after two hours you will dry out and become dust. The goal of the three is to drain enough of the populations essence to power and sustain them and their ship for the trip to the next planet to lay waste to them as well.<br /><br />Thankfully the Commander survives re-entry in the pod (crash lands in Texas no less) and now has a psychic link to her royal hotness the queen and is able to use it to find the hidden queen as she and the surviving male attempt to bleed London dry of their souls.<br /><br />Tobe Hooper (of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974)) does an admirable job in what has to be his largest production to date. The production assembled many fine technicians from all over the movie industry. Production Designer John Graysmark (fresh off The Bounty (1984)) uses every bit of four stages at Elsree Studios to create the spacious interiors of the ship and such. Cinematographer Alan Hume returns to science fiction after a stint on Star Wars VI: Return of the Jedi (1983) and three consecutive James Bond episodes. Hume uses every bit of the widescreen frame with the great effects. Oscar winner John Dykstra innovator of the groundbreaking effects of the original Star Wars (1977) manages to push the envelope once again a creating some highly creative and spectacular effects using lasers. Heck even maestro Henry Mancini drops in to give the film a very memorable title theme that gives this sci-fi / horror hybrid a touch of an adventurous feel. In the acting department it pretty much falls onto the shoulders of Steve Railsback and newcomer Mathilda May (vampire queen). Railsback always brings an edge to the characters he plays and can play nuts like nobodys business. That comes in hand as his mind deteriorates when the queens grip tightens on his soul. Gorgeous French actress May doesnt have a heck of a lot of lines (were there more than ten?) but her frequently nude presence never gets old and you gotta give her kudos to having the jingle bells to pull it of. Pretty much all the queen is there to do is feed and to do so she needs to seduce you with her sexual presence. Job accomplished and where do I sign up to be victim? I really enjoyed how they tweaked the old vampire clichés and still managed to make it seem fresh but still easily recognizable. Almost everything is accounted for here: bats (their true form resembles a large bat) coffins {the stasis fields resemble these) transformations (they scan your mind and can be anything) massive sexual appeal (Miss May.duh) not to mention they even include the old standby stake-through-the-heart (this time a bit of a lead dagger to the energy center slightly below the heart). The only thing they didnt touch on was religion but I think that the vampires using the cathedral at the end as home base might just be a bit of a wink and a nod.<br /><br />In short (yeah right 800 words later) Lifeforce is an excellent science fiction and horror combination that pays homage to the vampire theme while adding some neat different wrinkles. The effects and scale of the production are enough to keep summer movie types engaged (at least at the time) and horror and sci-fi fans engaged. 4 of 5.',pos

'The plot seemed to be interesting but this film is a great dissapointment. Bad actors a camera moving like in the hands of an amateur. If there was C-movies this would be a perfect example. A plus for a nice DVD cover though and a great looking female actor.',neg

'The main word that comes to mind when considering this film is dodgy. This is a low-quality film biography of one of the most iconic performers of all time. The Gloved One deserved better.<br /><br />Before getting into the meat of my thoughts on this biopic I have to say that there are two things I found effective. First was the use of actual fan footage and interviews at certain points in the film especially in the scenes depicting the first set of child molestation allegations. I feel that this contributed a certain authenticity that was *severely* lacking throughout the rest of the film. Second was the sequence depicting the courtship of Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley. I will not comment on whether I believe the marriage was a sham but by many accounts it was a relationship where care and affection existed between the two parties involved. That really came across in this film; Flex Anderson and Krista Rae had decent enough chemistry to pull it off. These successful points are enough to keep Man in the Mirror away from 1-star status.<br /><br />That said...there was very little else here that worked. Very few of the actors looked like the people they were supposed to portray most egregiously those playing Elizabeth Taylor Janet Jackson and Diana Ross. Also the absence of Jacksons music was a huge loss. How can you effectively tell a story about him without his music?? I understand that they were unable to secure the rights to it with this being a low-budget unauthorized production; it seems though that if you cant have the mans music in a film about him you might as well pack it up and go home because youre missing out on an extremely important part of his life story.<br /><br />This films characterization of Jackson bothered me a little too. I wont argue that he was troubled and may have been a few fries short of a value meal but here he was portrayed as something close to mentally disabled. I dont believe that Jackson known to have been a shrewd businessman would have been quite as naive about how the adult world works as he was made out to be in this film.<br /><br />Finally the way this film was written was nothing short of disgraceful. Many lines or exchanges of dialogue were either extremely corny like Michael and Janets Tinkerbell exchange or nonsensical like the Blanket of love comments made by Michael. Also the screenwriters dont exactly have a knack for subtlety. There was a lot of telegraphing of upcoming events (What could possibly go wrong?? sorts of lines) and extremely overt hammering of themes and motifs in the film (if Id heard the word believe one more time...). This is what ultimately hobbled the film as something that could be considered awesomely bad.<br /><br />Perhaps when we are a few years or even a decade or three removed from Jacksons death someone will be able to bring his story to life in a more deserving film. By that time we might have a better perspective on his life and someone will be able to present a truly thoughtful examination of who Michael Jackson really was and what hes meant to the world of entertainment. This very dodgy biopic was not that film.',neg

'Saying a film is depressing isnt necessarily a bad thing. Im very willing to watch a depressing film if there is a point to be made and this one certainly has one. Its the often heartbreaking story of a Chinese man and his family as they experience many years of both hardship and plenty. BUT I must warn you that this might just be about the most depressing film to come out of Hollywood in the 1930s--because peasant life in China was TOUGH to say the least. Be prepared to watch segments about famine death and disease.<br /><br />About the only negative other than the persistent tone of misery is that the lead is played by Paul Muni. While he was an exceptionally talented man its just a real shame that Hollywood always cast people of European descent to play Asian leads during this era. If you are paying attention at all its pretty obvious that Muni is wrong for the part.',pos

'I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid almost dull leading man type and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film however proved what an interesting actor he could be. He did not get enough roles like this during his long career. This is his best performance. He is totally believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolans character was. Nolan was a great actor but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely worth a look.',pos

'I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this film I wasnt entirely sure I was going to sit through the whole thing. Like many other people I found it pretty boring and I wasnt entirely looking forward to an hour and a half of watching this guy bite icicles and stick them together. However if you sit through the creation of his first work long enough to see the finished product you get an idea of how impressive the rest of the film is. I really think its sad that so many people found this impossibly boring or a retread of ideas done by other artists. <br /><br />Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some of the artwork and methods of Andy Goldsworthy who makes his art entirely out of things in nature generally resulting in pieces that will be consumed by nature through the normal process of entropy. It is slow moving and unglamorous but I think that a lot of the point of the movie is to show that Goldsworthys art does not need any accompaniment in order for it to be appreciated. Ive even heard people complain about how he is always talking throughout the movie rather than just letting nature and his artwork speak for themselves which I just think is madness.<br /><br />On the other hand lots of people complain about CDs coming with the lyrics written out inside them. A lot of musicians as well think their music should mean whatever the listener wants it to mean without the musician showing the exact lyrics I guess Im just the kind of person that believes that Id like to know what the artist was trying to accomplish with his or her artwork. I can still take it how I want to even if I know what it was meant to do. I can understand not wanting to hear him talk through the movie. He does after all lose his train of thought and find himself unable to explain some of his work at more than one occasion but if you dont want Goldsworthy talk about his art while youre watching the film feel free to turn the sound off. Thats like not reading the lyrics if you dont want to know what a musician is singing and would rather interpret the words yourself.<br /><br />I think that Andy Goldsworthys work which I had no idea existed before I watched this movie is incredibly impressive and Im glad that this film was made in order to showcase it. Indeed since his work is generally not the kind that can be transported into a studio photography is the only medium other than film that can express it and I really appreciated being able to see the work that goes into his art and the way that only things from nature are used. Whether or not you appreciate certain aspects of how this film is presented Goldsworthys work is moving enough to overlook that because the film is not the star Goldsworthys art is. And given the lack of any music or even the smallest special effects and the slow-moving nature of the film it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows that.',pos

'I just saw this movie for the second time with my 8-year-old daughter and I remembered why we liked it the first time. All these people who say it is bad are too uptight and critical! It is simply an entertaining little movie its not supposed to change the world. I thought all the actors did a great job with their characters. (Except for Jeremy Jordan as Guy--he was a maggot who looked seriously in need of soap and shampoo. If HE is supposed to be the hot guy in their school then theyve got slim pickins.) But I digress--Drew Barrymore was delightful as usual and David Arquette was even enjoyable and I usually cant stomach him if only because of those STUPID AT&T commercials! Molly Shannon is always entertaining and Leelee Sobieski did a great job as a tortured brain. Some parts were actually painful to watch reminding me of high school. Even though I thankfully didnt get made fun of it made my heart ache for those who do. Movies like this are actually good for children to see--my daughter made several observations about the cruelty of some of the students and how wrong it was. This movie is appropriate for anyone and a good way to while away 2 hours. If theres ever a time you want to see a lighthearted little movie with a happy ending where you dont have to think very much then this is definitely a consideration.',pos

'Thats what I found myself saying time after time in the remarkably inept 3rd act of this sorry excuse for a film. First off the computer effects are absolutely mind-blowing! Those computer wizs really deserve a pat on the back. The rest of the movie though...<br /><br />None of the characters act in a realistic manner especially in the aforementioned despicable 3rd act (I promise I wont give it away but trust me its not worth keeping a secret!). A lot of laughs in the film come unintentionally like when they try to explain that an invisible mans eyelids dont work. Please give the viewers more credit than that!!!<br /><br />Some of the sexual aspects of the film were interesting. What would you do after all if you were invisible? No one could catch you! These issues were dealt much more intelligently in the classic The Invisible Man from 1933. There is one scene of violence in particular that is so incredibly ambiguous and is not mentioned once later on. If more attention had been paid it Kevin bacons mad scientist might have made a little more sense. <br /><br />The movie would actually be much more successful as a porno since the premise could actually be carried out in a unique and interesting manner. But this piece of work... go see something else. Or dont and live with the consequences!<br /><br />3/10',neg

'Dô desu ka den is the first colored movie of Master Akira Kurosawa and surprisingly is not about samurais ronins warlords or battlefields. It is inside a very poor community in a slum in Tokyo where the dwellers are homeless drunkards beggars tramps abused women losers. I do not know the reason why Kurosawa selected this tragic theme and environment to put colors but indeed they are very sad stories some of them heart-breaking. I personally like the touching story of the boy and his father that dream with a house of their own and built by them; the story of the retarded boy that believes he pilots a train; the story of the man that raises five children as if they were their own sons and daughters; and the story of the young woman abused by her stepfather. My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): Dodeskaden  O Caminho da Vida (Dodeskaden  The Way of the Life)',pos

'Ive rent the movie because im very fond on war movies and on the cover picture ive read  better than save private ryan....mmmmm ...i thought cool! guys....is just a ridiculous movie. Almost fun. Nothing to do with a proper war movie. I want my money back! Why the f...k the peoples lies??????????? F NO SUBTITLES They tried to make everything cooler with the light....but they didnt make it. Sorry about this.....but the movie is awful. The italians are shown as Mafia e mandolino<br /><br />The American as stupid farmer The Germans as even more stupid farmer.<br /><br />The actor are ridiculous and unprofessional.<br /><br />Please....please......',neg

'OK this is one strange film! Fans of Ed Wood Jr. will appreciate the inventive techniques director George Barry utilizes like stock footage and cheesy voice overs. He can make a crack in the wall into a plot device! There is more humor than horror here but I found it an uneven blend. You will be laughing and crying and probably wondering why you got your hands on this. Barry explains in the introduction that filming began on this movie in 1972 and was completed in 1977 at a cost of $10000. Thats 59 months and $9900 too much! If you like your cheese on the campy side with vintage 70s gore you might find this an irresistible and freaky snack.',neg

'As far as I am concerned this film noir had two totally different things going for it as opposed to the film noirs I am used to viewing: 1 - the setting is Paris France; 2 - there is 28-minute scene with no dialog.<br /><br />Both make this movie a bit unique at least to English-speaking film noir fans. Actually an American Jules Dussain shot the film so its not entirely a European film. Initially I was disappointed in this after I had watched the first 40 minutes. Its an expensive DVD and I was bored. However once that silent segment started - the actual heist (you already know whats it about) the film picked up considerably and just got better and better.<br /><br />In fact I thought the best part of the story was what happened after the heist. The best aspect of the entire film was the cinematography. This is what makes the disc worth owning. Its excellent film noir photography and a real travelogue for those of us who have never seen Paris...and this is Paris in the mid 1950s. There are lots of bleak-but-interesting rain-soaked Paris streets and buildings I found fascinating to view. In fact there were many more of those great shots than of London in the much better known film The Third Man.<br /><br />The lead actor in here Jean Servais I think his name is also is interesting to view. Someone described his face as a cross between Humphrey Bogart and Harry Dean Stanton and that sums it up perfectly. A warning for those not expecting profanity or nudity in a classic film. This is France not the United States so there is a little bit of both in here. I appreciate the DVD offering the choice of subtitles or a dubbed version too.',pos

'The first part Che in Cuba is about that portion of his life. It contains too many indistinguishable battles and Che ministering to too many indistinguishable wounded (remember that Che was a physician). It ends as Castro wins the revolution; Che never gets to Havana. The second part Che in Bolivia is about guess what. It contains too many indistinguishable battles and Che ministering to too many indistinguishable wounded.<br /><br />When I realized this was supposed to be an epic (I never knew *anything* but the title before it started) I naturally thought of the greatest epic of them all David Leans Lawrence of Arabia. More of that later.<br /><br />Not to be a racist but aside from what Ive already mentioned is the fact that there are too many characters who are well indistinguishable -- unknown Hispanic actors who look alike especially considering they all wear Che beards and all wear Che fatigues. This results in the viewer not being able to identify with anyone other than Che Benicio del Toro (even Fidel has a very minor role). While del Toros terrific think of Lawrence with Peter OToole as the only discernible character: no Alec Guinness no Omar Sharif no Anthony Quinn etc. You get the idea.<br /><br />Because the other characters are interchangeable this results in a loss of reference. When top aides of Che are killed you feel no remorse since you dont know who they are. Even when Che is killed (I dont think thats a spoiler) theres no empathy from the audience -- hes just killed.<br /><br />Hes too one-dimensional to relate to as a human being. Aside from being a revolutionary and second only to Jesus in moral rectitude the only thing we learn about Che is that hes married with five children (he tells another character that near the end). What was his motivation? A complete enigma.<br /><br />Maybe Soderbergh is purposely aping Lean. Like Soderberghs Che Lean never lets us know anything about Lawrence the mystery man of Arabia. But at least Lawrence had a friend (Sharif) and associates (Guinness Quinn). He was as courageous as he was insecure -- i.e. had human qualities. Che is like a machine about as warm as The Terminator.<br /><br />Earlier this year there was another war epic Mongol. Che makes Mongol look like Its a Wonderful Life.',neg

'Of course seeing a few boom mikes doesnt mean anything does it? Lord Rudy Ray Moore and DUrville Martin really put this one together didnt they? I laughed a lot as often happens in these types of movies but I dont know what I was supposed to laugh at because I laughed at so many other things. I am not saying the movie was bad but I will say that a little more editing would have done wonders. I am a huge fan of Blaxploitation so I dont think that it was horrid but I know that The Human Tornado was several times better than this. I think that those who can make it through this movie might need a Colt 45 or two afterward. I mean it really helps you to not notice the boom mikes when you watch it again.',pos

'CRIME BOSS is directed by Alberto De Martino; an Italian crime drama partially filmed in Hamburg Germany. An easily forgotten movie. Even in spite of a good car chase sequence this flick seems to lumber on almost aimlessly. A new Don takes over a powerful Mafia family and finds himself fighting for his own life. Unwritten laws and ethics of the Mafia code make it hard to trust in anyone especially when millions of dollars are at stake. Brutality and violence breed the same in return. This can not be put on a shelf with the real gangster epics. Just the look of the film brings back memories of American drive-in fare. Even the popular American actor Telly Savalas cant boost the calibre of this crime drama. Antonio Sabato also stars with:Paola Tedesco Guido Lollobrigida Serio Tramonti and Piero Morgia.',neg

'To all the haters out there: condemning a TV series with one episode is like judging an entire book after reading the first few pages. That being said I was a huge fan of BSG thought it was some of the best TV drama (not just sci-fi) on the air. But it was time for it to end and the story to move on. I liked the BSG epilogue The Plan but it raised as many new questions as it answered so I eagerly anticipated Caprica and I was not disappointed.<br /><br />I was hoping it would not try to be another BSG and I was pleased that Caprica is something different and I personally found the story exciting in a different way than blazing space battles explosions and sci-fi special effects (dont get me wrong I like that stuff too). Eric Stolz and Esai Morales give solid performances and Alessandra was just wonderful. I cant wait until next week.',pos

'Leon Errol handles his double role of Uncle Matt Lindsay and Lord Basil Epping superbly but I have trouble liking the Mexican Spitfire Series because they all are contrived to produce mistaken identities and these are telegraphed way in advance. Errol is funny as the stuffy Lord Epping but I would have preferred a lot more wit and much less repetition. <br /><br />',neg

'Richard Dix decided to retire and so Michael Duane took his place playing the role as Ted Nichols who meets up with a young French girl named Alice Dupres Barkley (Lenore Aubert). This couple only knew each other for two days and they decided to get married by a Justice of the Peace (Judge) and it is pouring rain when they pull up to the Judges home and find out he is not home and will not return until the next day. As the couple are inside the house you see some one lift up the hood of their car and takes an automobile part from the engine. Once you see this event happening you realize this couple is in for a big surprise and the story beings to reveal a very mysterious event which surrounds Alice Barkley and so poor Ted Nichols starts out with plenty of trouble and no marriage. Good mystery but I missed Richard Dix. Enjoy.',pos

'Half Past Dead starring Steven Seagal in the main role was a major B-hit. Half Past Dead 2 is just a direct-to-video sequel an action movie with nothing lose but with no capacity to win something. Its less entertaining than the first one: in all aspects. But its although worthy a look. If you like action movies or just something to watch during a popcorn session; if you also like to watch former WWE stars on screen or even if you love to watch sequels even if they are direct or not.<br /><br />Kurupt did a good job Bill Goldberg was below the average I think he isnt made to the job. Kurupt is a good comedian I say. The rest did the job but nothing amazing nothing far from alright.<br /><br />Technical details well a production made by Sony cant be great. Cinematography was a disaster but overall direction was acceptable. Whatever just watch it if you want. If you watch you wont lose anything. But if you dont... well you wont lose either.',neg

'I once lived in the u.p and let me tell you what. I didnt have the foggyest idea what the heck this bear walk  is. I never heard of it the whole 10 years I was up there. It was really funny in the beginning but went down hill quickly.',neg

'Alan Alda plays real-life Sports Illustrated writer George Plimpton who was once invited to join the Detroit Lions football team as an honorary member. Rather wan uncompelling drama curiously tempered with fantasy. Director Alex March takes an interesting tack on this material shooting it in a quasi-documentary fashion (with macho commentary) and yet giving the tale a touch of Capraesque whimsy; still by bringing out the cinematic flashiness in this set-up he turns the main narrative into a jumble. Aldas smug uncharismatic performance is another handicap though the supporting cast is filled with real-life pro-athletes (and scintillating Lauren Hutton as Aldas girlfriend--hows that for a fantasy?). *1/2 from ****',neg

'I remember watching Police Squad! when it first came on ABC in 1982 and I thought it was a very funny show thanks to the many sight gags non sequitors and scripts filled with word play. In one episode there was a line where a man named Once was shot twice. <br /><br />But unfortunately ABC canceled the show after only six episodes. I felt it deserved a much longer run but a network executive thought the show demanded too much attention of the viewer because of all the sight gags in each episode. One that I remember was in the opening where the episodes title was different from the one shown on the screen. <br /><br />Leslie Nielsens portrayal of Frank Drebin was deadpan yet very funny and his role was in the narrative style of Jack Webb of Dragnet. Alan North did well and Peter Lupus in one of his few roles since Mission: Impossible wasnt bad as Norberg But the one character that stood out was Johnny the Shoeshine Boy played by William Duell. After giving advice to Drebin there were cameos from Dick Clark Dr. Joyce Brothers and then Dodger manager Tommy LaSorda. <br /><br />Even though Police Squad! had a short life on ABC the Zucker Brothers didnt give up on the concept which turned out even more successful in the Naked Gun movie franchise. Ill close with a regular closing gag. Freeze the ending right here.',pos

'Anyone who sees this film will notice that the makers threw a lot of money at this film. Its interesting they titled it The Hole! The production values are good for a short film. The hole tries to look big budget and does in some ways but is hampered by the video format it was shot on. I speculate if this was shot on 35mm it would look incredible and would elevate the content somewhat. Many hollywood movies look good and thats enough for an audience regardless of story and content.<br /><br />My honest opinion 3 out of 10 for this effort. Maybe Ishimotos next film will deliver.',neg

'FREDDY FORSYTH has come up with a storyline which will suit the mood of the Wests suspicions about Putins Russia. Forsyth installs a nasty guy as the Ruski president who wants to return the country - not so much to Stalins Communism but more to Hitlerian Fascism. In fact his Political Manifesto could have come straight out of Mein Kampf rather than Marx. And the loon has the latest weapons of biological destruction to achieve the ethnic cleansing pogrom of the Russian Federation. American mercenaries connive with the Russian Prez to realise his fanatical genocidal dream but then enter Dirty Dancings Pat Swayze...andyepthings get really down and dirty. Hes a former US operative-turned-drifterJason Monk who is enlisted by the British Government to see what the Russians are up to. As a corny sidebar Swayzes character who is no Monk (!)has sired a Russian beauty Elena (played by the gorgeous Marta Kondova) on his previous missions to the former Commie state. Hardman Swayze does a passable job in setting out to defeat the evil Russians. But young unknown actress Marta Kondova steals the flick as his nubile 18-year-old Russian daughter Elena who helps dad root out the terror threatening her beloved Mother Russia.',neg

'One of the great things about The Best Years of Our Lives that even though it dates itself rather firmly in the post World War II era the issues it talks about are as real today as they were on V-E or V-J day of 1945. The problem of how to assimilate returning war veterans is as old as the written history of our planet.<br /><br />And while we dont often learn from history we can be thankful that for once the United States of America did learn from what happened with its veterans after the previous World War. The GI Bill of Rights is mentioned in passing in The Best Years of Our Lives was possibly the greatest piece of social legislation from the last century. So many veterans did take advantage of it as do the veterans like Fredric March Dana Andrews and Harold Russell who you see here.<br /><br />All three of those actors played archetypal veterans characters that every corner of the USA could identify with. They all meet on an army transport plane flying to the home town of all of them Boone City Iowa.<br /><br />War is a great leveler of class and distinction. Bank employee March soda jerk Andrews and high school football star Russell probably would never meet in real life even in a small town like Boone City. But they do meet and war forges indestructible bonds that can never be broken.<br /><br />March is the oldest a man with two children and Hollywoods perfect wife Myrna Loy. He settles in the first and the best. He has some wonderful scenes getting cockeyed drunk on his return and later with a little bit of liquor in him tells the bank officials at a banquet off in no uncertain terms.<br /><br />I also love his scene where another returning veteran a sharecropper wants to get a bank loan for his own piece of land. Watch Marchs expressions as he listens to the mans pitch for money. You can feel him read the mans soul. Its what got him his Second Best Actor Oscar for this film.<br /><br />Harold Russell was a real veteran who lost both his hands during service in the Pacific. He got a special recognition Oscar for his performance. Because of that it was probably unfair to nominate him in the Supporting Actor category which he also won in. His performance especially his scenes with Cathy ODonnell as his sweetheart who loves him with or without his hands is beyond anything that could be described as acting.<br /><br />Dana Andrews is the only officer of the three a bombardier in the Army Air Corps. Of the group of them maybe he should have stayed in. He also comes from the poorest background of the group and he was an officer and a gentleman in that uniform. That uniform and those monthly allotment checks are what got Virginia Mayo interested enough to marry him. The problem is that hes considerably less in her eyes as a civilian.<br /><br />While Mayo is fooling around with Steve Cochran Andrews has the great good fortune to have Marchs daughter Teresa Wright take an interest in him. Theyre the main story of the film Andrews adjustment to civilian life and adjusting to the fact he married the wrong woman. Not all veterans problems were solved with GI Bill.<br /><br />Myrna Loy gets little recognition for The Best Years of Our Lives. My guess is that its because her role as wife was too much like the stereotypical wife roles she had patented over at MGM. Still as wife to March and mother to Wright she really is the glue that holds that family together.<br /><br />The Best Years of Our Lives won for Best Picture for Sam Goldwyn Best Director for William Wyler and a few others besides the two acting Oscars it got. It was a critical and popular success possibly the best film Sam Goldwyn ever produced. It remains to this day an endearing and enduring classic and will be so for centuries. Its almost three hours in length but never once will your interest wane.<br /><br />The best tribute this film received came from Frank Capra who had a film of his own in the Oscar sweepstakes that year in several categories. In his memoirs he said that he was disappointed to be skunked at the Oscars that year but that his friend and colleague William Wyler had created such a masterpiece he deserved every award he could get for it.<br /><br />By the way the film Capra had hopes for was Its A Wonderful Life. The Beat Years of Our Lives cant get better praise than that.',pos

'Oh this is such a glorious musical. Theres a bit of miscasting -- Frank Sinatra is sorely miscast as the Jewish Nathan Detroit though it only becomes evident on Sue Me which is a distinctly Jewish song. Sadly the filmmakers decided to cut out one of the best songs from the show Marry the Man Today and replaced it with an inferior Sinatra showpiece. With these two flaws in mind the movie is otherwise magnificent. Jean Simmons shines as Sarah Brown. Marlon Brando cant sing worth beans but pulls it off anyway. Stubby Kaye wonderfully reprises his Broadway role (it was written for him). Damon Runyons language and pacing and humor come through quite well. This is on my see-it-every-chance-I-get list.',pos

'This very loose retelling of Carmen begins on a high note with a smoldering sexually-frank dance between Senaglese prisoner Karmen and her female prison warden but the vibrant opening minutes never ignite into any coherent film. One minute Karmen is all sexual predator the next she is dancing in protest to her unfair government and then suddenly she is a smuggler on the high seas... Although the film deserves kudos for postulating the first carnivorously bisexual Karmen the broad strokes it paints are so vignette-like and unsupported by any narrative coherence that the film comes off as a schizophrenic undisciplined melange of Basic-Instinct meets Bound meets an African version of a Bollywood musical.',neg

'I found the DVD version of this movie at a rummage sale. The basic premise is an affair between a teacher/coach a student. The acting is weak and the plot razor thin.<br /><br />This movie had all the depth and plot development of an adult film.',neg

'I mean really. This is not going to help the Australian film industry to make this kind of film with no values of any kind. Okay if youre a stoner and have nothing better to do then maybe. I think film-makers from here should try to show the rest of the world what great talented people we have and this is not the vehicle for it. Come on now this film is just tacky.',neg

'The storyline of The Stranger mirrors somewhat the 1969 film Journey to the Far Side of the Sun (made by Gerry & Sylvia Anderson of Thunderbirds and Space: 1999 fame). A parallel-universe Earth is the premise of both films. But there is a difference. Where the world in The Stranger features a totalitarian regime out to squash the freedom of the citizenry Journey to the Far Side of the Sun merely showed a true mirror world where handwriting roads houses machinery of every kind and of course internal organs were all in reverse (or mirrored) order. So the similarity of parallel Earths is the only connection of both films.<br /><br />Similarly the TV series Land of the Giants came before both of those films having run from 1968 to 1970. It featured a world that was nearly parallel to the Earth with the exception that the planet was populated by giants 12 times the size of the humans who crash-landed there. The idea of a totalitarian government out to capture and contain the little people was similar to the premise of The Stranger more-so than the premise of JTTFSOTS. Perhaps because of the similarly to LOTG a series to The Stranger was shelved. Had it turned into a TV series it would have been a sci-fi version of The Fugitive with star Glenn Corbett being chased by the baddies from week to week hiding out in different locations etc. BTW a stronger script could have helped this film along.',neg

'Okay the film festival crowd probably loved it. But your average popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably wonder why he or she made this choice. If its stamped Copolla its automatically great stuff right? Wrong! Its a neat spoof of filmdoms pretensions. But its terribly in. I worry when film makers are more concerned about entertaining themselves rather than the public. Its interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. But once its run its course in the movies and on TV the dust will grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. Hardly either epochal or an epic!',neg

'VAMPYRES <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<br /><br />Sound format: Mono<br /><br />A motorist (Murray Brown) is lured to an isolated country house inhabited by two beautiful young women (Marianne Morris and Anulka) and becomes enmeshed in their free-spirited sexual lifestyle but his hosts turn out to be vampires with a frenzied lust for human blood...<br /><br />Taking its cue from the lesbian vampire cycle initiated by maverick director Jean Rollin in France and consolidated by the success of Hammers Carmilla series in the UK Jose Ramon Larraz daring shocker VAMPYRES pushed the concept of Adult Horror much further than British censors were prepared to tolerate in 1974 and his film was cut by almost three minutes on its original British release. It isnt difficult to see why! Using its Gothic theme as the pretext for as much nudity sex and bloodshed as the films short running time will allow Larraz (who wrote the screenplay under the pseudonym D. Daubeney) uses these commercial elements as mere backdrop to a languid meditation on life death and the impulses - sexual and otherwise - which affirm the human condition.<br /><br />Shot on location at a picturesque country house during the Autumn of 1973 Harry Waxmans haunting cinematography conjures an atmosphere of grim foreboding in which the desolate countryside - bleak and beautiful in equal measure - seems to foreshadow a whirlwind of impending horror (Larraz pulled a similar trick earlier the same year with SYMPTOMS a low-key thriller which erupts into a frenzy of violence during the final reel). However despite its pretensions VAMPYRES wafer-thin plot and rough-hewn production values will divide audiences from the outset and while the two female protagonists are as charismatic and appealing as could be wished the male lead (Brown past his prime at the time of filming) is woefully miscast in a role that should have gone to some beautiful twentysomething stud. A must-see item for cult movie fans an amusing curio for everyone else VAMPYRES is an acquired taste. Watch out for silent era superstar Bessie Love in a brief cameo at the end of the movie.',neg

'Babettes Feast and The Horses Mouth are the two most insightful accurate films on what it is to be a real artist. The key lines in Babettes Feast are not as some other commentators here have said an artist is never poor but two lines that come before and after it:<br /><br />I was able to make them happy when I gave of my very best. ... Throughout the world sounds one long cry from the heart of the artist: give me the chance to do my very best. <br /><br />I spent nine years producing experimental multi-media music theater in San Francisco raising money for productions that involved dozens of singers actors designers etc. and the artists I supported stretched every penny in their effort to do their very best. They were just like Babette: they were desperate to get every dollar necessary to do their very best work. Babettes art is fine French cooking and for her to perform her art at its very best costs 10000 francs. When after years in political exile from France isolated with two caring spinsters on a bleak Scandinavian coast she suddenly gets a windfall of 10000 francs she does what every real artist would do: she sees that she unexpectedly has the chance to do her very best and so she does it. She spends all the money so that she can do her very best work as an artist. The twist in the movie is that we dont know she is such an artist until she is actually cooking and serving the meal. Up until then she appears to be just a working-class French lady who haggles a bit with the tradesmen and is very serious (her husband and son were murdered in Paris violence in 1871). <br /><br />To such an artist it is secondary whether there is an audience for the art that is competent to appreciate it. That is why the author set this dinner in a community of people who could not possibly have any understanding of what they are receiving. Babette did not cook this meal as a gift to the two spinsters or to the religious community. It was not her goal to achieve a reconciliation or spirit of good feelings among the members of the little religious sect. Indeed she never once leaves the kitchen to speak to any of them. After the meal she is sitting alone sipping some wine not paying the slightest attention to how the guests reacted. She is basking in the satisfaction of finally having the chance to have done her best as an artist. <br /><br />That is why it is so satisfying and so important to the story that the General unexpectedly shows up -- for as Babette knows instantly a general will know what she has placed before him and will appreciate it. For there is a sort of tragedy in a great work of art being shown to an audience that lacks even one person competent to appreciate it. She is glad very glad he came in fact he is the only guest she ever mentions during the entire dinner the only one she singles out for special treatment -- not either of the spinsters. But she did not plan the meal knowing that such a person would come to receive it. <br /><br />To anyone who has had the chance to enjoy a real first-class Parisian dinner as I have (my father was Naval Attache to Paris in the 1980s and I had my honeymoon in France) this dinner and Babettes satisfaction in making it and the pleasure it brings to the diners is absolutely convincing. If any art has the power to suffuse the recipient with a sense of joy it is a fine French meal cooked and served in France. This movie makes a claim about the transformative effects of great art on the recipients. Before the dinner the members of the little religious sect are quarrelsome dredging up old resentments. The old hymns fail to restore good fellowship; people ignore them talk over them. But the shared experience of sensual great art -- for the people can enjoy the tastes of the foods and wines even if they have no conception that they are experiencing great art -- contents the people puts them in a forgiving mood reconciles them and by making them happy encourages them to love each other and thus has a god-like sacred effect of bringing peace. This is the claim found in the modern art movement today -- that art can supplant the traditional religions in making mankind more peaceful. Thus contrary to those commentators here who say that this film speaks for the power of Christian belief it is more accurate to say that the film claims that art can heal wounds that Christian ritual cannot. After all my years in the art world I have to say that this claim -- that art brings peace that religion cannot -- is overblown and invalid. But it is a pretty conceit and it is the second main theme of this beautiful film.<br /><br />One last note: at Babettes arrival at the spinsters home a particular French general Galliffet is named as the person who in 1871 executed Babettes husband and son and imposed a military rule that she had to flee. At the end of the film as the General tells the story of the magnificent meal he enjoyed in Paris many years before (before 1871) at the conclusion of some military maneuvers it turns out that this same Galliffet was his host at the meal. As the General tells the story French general Galliffet praised the chef of that meal as the greatest woman the only woman he would risk his life for. Of course that woman was Babette. Thus ironically the same French general who said he honored Babette above all other women was responsible for driving her away from France forever.',pos

'A prison cell.Four prisoners-Carrerea young company director accused of fraud35 year old transsexual in the process of his transformation Daisya 20 year-old mentally challenged idiot savant and Lassallea 60 year-old intellectual who murdered his wife.Behind a stone slab in the cellmysteriously pulled loosethey discovered a book:the diary of a former prisonerDanverswho occupied the cell at the beginning of the century.The diary contains magic formulas that supposedly enable prisoners to escape.Malefique is one of the creepiest and most intelligent horror films I have seen this year.The film has a grimyshadowy feel influenced by the works of H.P. Lovecraftwhich makes for a very creepy and unsettling atmosphere.There is a fair amount of gore involved with some imaginative and brutal death scenes and the characters of four prisoners are surprisingly well-developed.Its a shame that Eric Valette made truly horrible remake of One Missed Call after his stunning debut.9 out of 10.',pos

'Not having seen the 1936 version of this story I cannot offer any comparison there. I can however state that Stephen Sondheims musical treatment of this story is absolutely genius. Only Sondheim could come up with music and lyrics that are stellar in their own right yet perfectly suited to the very bizarre subject matter. If anyone needs an explanation of what a dark comedy is they should see this (and Dr. Strangelove as well). When Mrs. Lovett goes from having the worst pies in London to a booming business with high acclaim we arent talking Soylent Green - but the ingredients are similar. Particularly brilliant is the song where Mrs. Lovett pitches her idea to Mr. Todd. Even in the introductory number the line ...they went to their Maker impeccably shaved... gives a great indication of the premise the drama AND the comedy to come. Outstanding!',pos

'Im sorry but Star Wars Episode 1 did not do any justice to Natalie Portmans talent (and undeniable cuteness). She was entirely underused as Queen Amidala and when she was used her makeup was frighteningly terrible. For Anywhere But Here she sheds her god-awful makeup and she acts normally. And not only can she act good she looks good doing it. Im a bit older than she (shes only 18) and I have little or no chance of meeting her but hey a guy is allowed to dream right?<br /><br />Even though Susan Sarandon does take a good turn in this movie the film belongs entirely to Portman. Ive been a watcher of Portmans since Beautiful Girls (where she was younger but just as cute). Theres big things for her in the future - I can see it.',pos

'I cannot believe it has been 25 yrs since I first watched this story on TV. I remembered to have been very much touched by it and was lucky to get the VHS tape several years ago. I did not watch it again until just recently. I have been watched it over and over ever since. I must have watched it 10 times in the past 2 wks.<br /><br />The acting is superb the story is compelling and I am embarrassed to say that I did not appreciate actor Bryan Browns talent until now. The playful facial expressions shown in the first half - when he gave Jean the stolen medicine in Malaya is such a contrast to his very reserved and nervous body languages shown in the second half: in their first drink together in Caines and the touring of the homestead. We have to wait until the wedding reception especially the final dance scene to see his open display of affection for Jean. The same dancing eyes that first revealed his admiration in Malaya. Who wouldnt want to be his Mrs. Boong ? <br /><br />While Joe changed from a cocky almost bigger than life figure in the Malaya jungle to a somewhat self-conscious average Joe in his own backyard Jean took the opposite road; her wartime experience seems to have given her new confidence. She wasted no time and went after what she wanted. She took steps to take what she could get - exactly as Joe had told her to once upon a time.<br /><br />For me all these transformations helps to show this is more than just a love story - this is a story about growth courage and fragility in life. The solicitor -Noel is both a sweet and sad figure. He too gave much to Jean - he gave his last hope for love. At the end he did what true love requires -- he put her happiness ahead of his own.<br /><br />I happened to like the fight between Joe & Jean that was not in the book. I thought its an appropriate and necessary addition for it helped to surface the inner struggles they both had to deal with in order to make their life together possible.<br /><br />Now I am older maybe I understand life love and loss a little better. This story touches me even deeper. <br /><br />I am however surprised to see B. Brown has blue eyes in the promo photo shown on this site. He most definitely did not in A Town like Alice. Well 25 yrs is a long time !',pos

'My favourite police series of all time turns to a TV-film. Does it work? Yes. Gee runs for mayor and gets shot. The Homicide hall of fame turns up. Pembleton and nearly all of the cops who ever played in this series. A lot of flashbacks helps you who hasn´t seen the TV-series but it amuses the fans too. The last five minutes solves another murder and at the very end even two of the dead cops turn up. And a short appearance from my favourite coroner Juliana Cox. This is a good film.',pos

'The acting is generally pretty weak. The dialog was also apparently dubbed in after the filming so it just doesnt come across well. What do you want for a TV movie?<br /><br />Annette Otoole was OK; there were a few strong lines from the parent of the queen.<br /><br />Otherwise these kids werent quite up to it. Didnt impress my kids either.<br /><br />On the upside it is only an hour long. Considering that it got through plot and character development in a creditable fashion. The settings and cinematography are OK too.<br /><br />Some other viewers may like it for sentimental reasons.',neg

'I cant understand what it is that fans of the genre didnt like about this film. It was truly a lot of fun. The special effects were wonderful. I generally agree with reviews and with IMDB voters but not this time. I waited until it came to home video which I felt was another reason that I wouldnt enjoy the film. I believe special effects films need to be seen on the big screen but again this was not the case. To me the film begs comparison to two films that were released around the same time. Blair Witch and The Mummy. Both films that I thought were terrible. Blair was probably the most overrated horror film of all time. The Mummy made gobs of money and it was pure dreck. People liked it for its special effects. Films like the Mummy and The Haunting are not rich in character development they are more like funhouse rides. Well with that analogy the Mummy was a B ticket to the Hauntings E-ticket.',pos

'This movie is pretty predictable nuff said....from the delayed kissing scene to the inevitable coming around of grandpa...this is a great movie for the 10-12 age group but beyond that it has no market..i give it 4/10 only because it achieved exactly what it set out to do and nothing more.',neg

'This film was an interesting take by Hollywood on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. While some today might think it is rife with racial stereotypes for the time the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself. I found that the white actors playing Chinese was not as bad as I expected that it wasnt the Asian equivalent of blackface. Back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a good job with her part. It wasnt the greatest performance I have ever seen but for old-school pre-method acting it was nice. The locust scene was very well shot and contained convincing special effects.<br /><br />I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.<br /><br />The film had some parallels to the John Ford style but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family the locusts would have won at the end punishing the farmer for his pride lust and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson then wins.',pos

'The only thing that makes this one watchable is Coreys performance as the lunatic killer on the loose. What remains is a most impossible tale of revenge and matrimonial discord. During the walkie-talkie scenes I had the feeling that Cotten was squeezing a sweet potato and not a communication device. Another interesting thing about this one is that Alan Hale (the Skipper from Gilligans Island) is not yet so fat and he can still lower his arms below his waist. Other than that there isnt much to recommend here.',neg

'There were some scary scenes which Ive always liked more than straight out gore but otherwise this movie was rather weak. THere were too many questions left unanswered and when they tried to explain anything in the movie it was still rather unclear. After watching this movie I still seemed lost in a lot of ways. It sort of reminded me of Silent Hill a few years back. That movie was also unsatisfying but still better than this because it did try to work and the story did actually make sense. This one not so much.<br /><br />The acting for the most part in the Abandoned was decent but the movie dragged on an on and never really gave any type of satisfying conclusion. Like I said above there were some creepy scenes but otherwise this movie was a mess. Sorry I cant recommend it.',neg

'I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been pretty young around 15. It was on Star Movies one afternoon.The movie started a bit vaguely but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. It really caught pace after the first half hour.<br /><br />All the actors are great especially Blades and Lou Diamond. I Guess its the ensemble they just play so well together. I can watch this film anytime.I think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. The jokes are not corny but they are subtle and extreme at the same time that make them so hilarious.<br /><br />A perfect comedy for a lazy afternoon.',pos

'The person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is in fact the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. How about this? You want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. Sure you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. However do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. If Im to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.',neg

'Its 2005 my friends...a time of amazing special effects and an age of technology. So why cant we see a movie thats a little more thought out than this cheesy low-budget film. Ive seen a lot of low-budget movies that rock my socks off but this one...its almost as if its trying to be horrible. Just...dont...watch it. I can look past lack of special effects and computer generated scenes if the acting i